158COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSThe Board also, inter alia, periodically reviews strategy and business plans, annual operating and capital expenditure budget(s), investment and exposure limit(s), compliance report(s) of all laws applicable to your Company, as well as steps taken by your Company to rectify instances of non-compliances, performance of operating divisions, review of major legal issues, minutes of the Committees of the Board and of Board Meetings of your Company’s subsidiary companies, significant transactions and arrangements entered into by the unlisted subsidiary companies, approval of quarterly / half-yearly / annual results, significant labour problems and their proposed solutions, safety and risk management, transactions pertaining to purchase/disposal of property(ies), sale of investments, major accounting provisions and write-offs, corporate restructuring, joint ventures or collaboration agreement(s), material default in financial obligations, if any, fatal or serious accidents, any material efﬂuent or pollution problems, transactions that involve substantial payment towards goodwill, brand equity or intellectual property, any issue that involves possible public or product liability claims of substantial nature, including judgement or order which may have passed strictures on the conduct of your Company, quarterly details of foreign exchange exposures and the steps taken by Management to limit the risks of adverse exchange rate movement.The Board sets annual performance objectives, oversees the actions and results of the management, evaluates its own performance, performance of its Committees and individual Directors on an annual basis and monitors the effectiveness of the Company’s governance practices for enhancing the stakeholders’ value. The Company has well-established framework for the Meetings of the Board and its Committees which seeks to systematise the decision making process at the Meetings in an informed and efficient manner.Apart from Board Members and the Company Secretary, the Board and Committee Meetings are generally also attended by the Chief Financial Officer and wherever required by the Heads of various Corporate Functions.C.   Number of Board Meetings, Attendance of the Directors at Meetings of the Board and at the Annual General Meeting During the year 1st April, 2018 to 31st March, 2019, Five Board Meetings were held on the following dates – 29th May, 2018, 7th August, 2018, 14th November, 2018, 7th & 8th February, 2019 and  25th March, 2019. The Board met at least once in every Calendar Quarter and the gap between two Meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. These Meetings were well attended by the Directors. The 72nd AGM of your Company was held on 7th August, 2018.The attendance of the Directors at these Meetings was as under:DirectorsNumber of Board Meetings attendedAttendance at the 72nd AGMMr. Anand G. Mahindra5YesDr. Pawan Goenka5YesMr. Nadir B. Godrej5YesMr. M. M. Murugappan4 #YesMr. R. K. Kulkarni5YesMr. Anupam Puri 5YesDr. Vishakha N. Desai 5YesMr. Vikram Singh Mehta5YesMr. T. N. Manoharan 5YesMr. Vijay Kumar Sharma*3N.A.#  In addition, Mr. M. M. Murugappan participated in one Board Meeting through audio call. No sitting fees was paid to him for participation through audio call.* appointed w.e.f. 14th November, 2018Video conferencing facility is offered to facilitate Directors to participate in the Meetings.D. Meetings of Independent DirectorsThe Independent Directors of your Company meet before the Board Meeting without the presence of the Executive Chairman, Managing Director, other Non-Independent Director(s) or any other Management Personnel.These Meetings are conducted in an informal and ﬂexible manner to enable the Independent Directors to, inter alia, discuss matters pertaining to review of performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole, review the performance of the Executive Chairman of the Company (taking into account the views of the Managing Director and Non-Executive Director), assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of ﬂow of information between the Company Management and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.Five Meetings of Independent Directors were held during the year and these Meetings were well attended by the Independent Directors.