171 The Committee met twice during the year under review on 28th May, 2018 and 13th November, 2018.  The attendance at the Meetings was as under: MembersNumber of Meetings attendedMr. M. M. Murugappan (Chairman)2Mr. Anand Mahindra2Dr. Pawan Goenka2Mr. Nadir B. Godrej2G.  Strategic Investment Committee (A voluntary initiative of your Company)The Strategic Investment Committee is constituted by the Board with powers, inter alia, to evaluate and scrutinise significant investments / funding including but not limited to business acquisitions, reviewing and monitoring existing investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and other group companies, overseeing and reviewing performance of various subsidiaries and making necessary recommendations to the Board from time to time including disinvestments. Mr. Anand G. Mahindra is the Chairman of the Committee. Mr. Nadir B. Godrej, Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, Mr. Anupam Puri and Mr. T. N. Manoharan are other Members of the Committee. The Committee met five times during the year  under review on 28th May, 2018, 6th August, 2018,  13th November, 2018, 7th February, 2019 and  22nd March, 2019. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:MembersNumber of Meetings attendedMr. Anand G. Mahindra (Chairman)5Mr. Nadir B. Godrej5Mr. Anupam Puri5Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta5Mr. T. N. Manoharan5H.   Loans & Investment Committee  (A voluntary initiative of your Company)The Loans & Investment Committee is authorised to approve loans and investment, disinvestment, borrowing moneys and related aspects of fund management in accordance with the authority granted and the parameters prescribed by the Board with Mr. Anand G. Mahindra as the Chairman of the Committee  and the other Members being Dr. Pawan Goenka,  Mr. R. K. Kulkarni and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta.Apart from the Meetings, Circular Resolution(s) is/are passed by the Members after discussion over  a conference call between the Directors. Subsequently, these Resolution(s) are noted in the Meeting held after the date on which the Circular Resolution(s) is/are passed by the Members.The Committee met six times during the year  under review on 23rd April, 2018, 28th May, 2018,  6th August, 2018, 13th November, 2018, 16th January, 2019 and 22nd March, 2019. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:MembersNumber of Meetings attendedMr. Anand G. Mahindra (Chairman)6Dr. Pawan Goenka6Mr. R. K. Kulkarni6Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta6V.SUBSIDIARY COMPANIESRegulation 16 of the Listing Regulations defines a “material subsidiary” to mean a subsidiary, whose income or net worth exceeds ten percent of the consolidated income or net worth respectively, of the listed entity and its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding accounting year.Under this definition, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (Listed), Ssangyong Motor Company (Listed in South Korea) and Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited (Unlisted) are material subsidiaries of the Company.The subsidiaries of the Company function  independently, with an adequately empowered Board of Directors and adequate resources. For more effective governance, the minutes of Board Meetings of  subsidiaries of the Company are placed before the Board  of Directors of the Company for their review at every quarterly Meeting.In addition to the above, Regulation 24 of the Listing Regulations requires that at least one Independent Director on the Board of Directors of the listed entity shall be a Director on the Board of Directors of an unlisted material subsidiary, whether incorporated in India or not. For the purpose of this provision, material subsidiary means a subsidiary, whose income or net worth exceeds twenty percent of the consolidated income or net worth respectively, of the listed entity and its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding accounting year.