156COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSMr. Vikram Singh Mehta as Independent Directors of the Company would be beneficial to the Company. Based on the above and the performance evaluation of Independent Directors, the Board recommended the re-appointment of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, as Independent Directors of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a second term on the Board of the Company, as under:Sr. No.Name of the DirectorPeriod of second term1.Dr. Vishakha N. DesaiFor a further period commencing from 8th August, 2019 to 30th April, 2024.* 2.Mr. Vikram Singh MehtaFor a further period of Five consecutive years commencing from 8th August, 2019 to 7th August, 2024.* Dr. Vishakha N. Desai will attain 75 years of age on 1st May, 2024 and hence her second term is upto 30th April, 2024.During the year under review, no Independent Director of the Company resigned before the expiry of their tenure. The Senior Management of your Company have made disclosures to the Board confirming that there are no material financial and commercial transactions between them and the Company which could have potential conﬂict of interest with the Company at large.A.  Composition of the Board The Board of your Company comprises of Ten Directors as on 31st March, 2019.  None of the Director is a Director in more than 10 public limited companies (as specified in section 165 of the Act) and Director in more than 8 listed entities (as specified in Regulation 17A of the Listing Regulations) or acts as an Independent Director (including any alternate directorships) in more than 7 listed companies or 3 equity listed companies in case he/she serves as a Whole-time Director/Managing Director in any listed company (as specified in Regulation 17A of the Listing Regulations). Further, none of the Directors on the Board is a Member of more than 10 Committees and Chairperson of more than 5 Committees (as specified in Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations), across all the Indian public limited companies in which he/she is a Director.The name and categories of Directors, DIN, the number of Directorships, Committee positions held by them in the companies and the list of other Listed Entities where he/she is a Director alongwith the category of their Directorships are given below:Directors and Category Total Number of Directorships, Committee Chairmanships and Memberships of public limited companies*, as on 31st March, 2019Directorships in other Listed entities alongwith the Category of DirectorshipDirectorships $Committee Chairmanships+Committee Memberships+NON-EXECUTIVEMr. Nadir B. Godrej Independent (DIN – 00066195)1033Godrej Agrovet Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Godrej Industries Limited (Managing Director)Godrej Consumer Products Limited (Non-Executive Director)Godrej Properties Limited (Non-Executive Director)The Indian Hotels Company Limited (Independent Director)Astec Lifesciences Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Mr. M. M. Murugappan Independent (DIN – 00170478)932Coromandel International Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Carborundum Universal Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Tube Investments of India Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Cyient Limited (Non-Executive Director)Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited ^ (Non-Executive Chairman)