196COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSPrinciple 6: Business should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment 1.  Does the policy related to Principle 6 cover only the company or extends to the Group/Joint Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/others.  The Company has various policies related to environmental protection. The Green Supply Chain Management Policy includes environment protection and covers suppliers. The subsidiaries/Joint Ventures have their own policies which are in sync with the Company’s environmental policies. 2.  Does the company have strategies/ initiatives to address global environmental issues such as climate change, global warming, etc.? Y/N. If yes, please give hyperlink for webpage etc.  Yes   Sustainability Roadmap of the Company is ready with targets taken to reduce carbon emissions, water consumption, and increase in use of renewable energy, enhance recycling of waste. It is reviewed periodically. The Company is committed to adopt Science Based Target (SBT) to restrict average global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius in alignment of Paris Climate Change Agreement. It is the 1st company globally to sign a program EP-100 which is committed to double the energy productivity by 2030. It has also announced its internal carbon price of US $ 10 per ton of carbon emitted and became first company in India to do so. The Company is also a signatory for India Business Biodiversity Initiative (IBBI). The entire group is committed to become Carbon Neutral by 2040 with use of energy efficiency renewable energy and sequestration by tree plantation.  The strategies and initiatives will be elaborated in the Company’s Sustainability Report 2018-19 and will be available on https://www.mahindra.com/resources/pdf/sustainability/Mahindra-Sustainability-Report-2018-19.pdf   Please note the indicative list of various projects implemented in this regard. The complete details will be available in the Sustainability Report for the year 2018-19.  Energy Savings:  •  Energy efficient motors replacing conventional motors • Heat recovery system  • Light-emitting Diode (LED) lighting Water Savings:  •  Recharging pits by Rain Water Harvesting for water conservation  • Use of low flow fixtures for optimum water flow  •  Installation of Reverse Osmosis plant to treat water and reuse in process application  Waste Reduction:  • Total 9 plants certified for Zero Waste to Landfill  •  Reusing paint sludge as an input material to cement industry •  Reduce packaging waste by using plastic boxes in place of corrugated boxes.3.  Does the company identify and assess potential environmental risks? Y/N  Yes, the Company has a mechanism to identify and assess potential environmental risks across all locations. 4.  Does the company have any project related to Clean Development Mechanism? If so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so. Also, if Yes, whether any environmental compliance report is filed?  Yes. The name of the CDM – PoA 9731: Energy Efficiency through Micro irrigation system – India. The Registered Program of Activities (PoA) aims at encouraging energy efficiency through installation of efficient irrigation system such as drip and sprinkler irrigation replacing the conventional flood method of irrigation resulting in GHG Emission reduction & Water Conservation. It was registered in September 2013.   For more details refer https://cdm.unfccc.int/ProgrammeOfActivities/poa_db/4Z28CN6S0DEB5F1 PLIXAY9W3GMRUOQ/view.5.  Has the Company undertaken any other initiatives on – clean technology, energy efficiency, renewable energy, etc.? Y/N. If yes, please give hyperlink for web page etc.  Yes. Same as stated under Sr. No. 2 above mentioned under Principle 66.  Are the Emissions/Waste generated by the company within the permissible limits given by CPCB/SPCB for the financial year being reported?  Yes 7.  Number of show cause/ legal notices received from CPCB/SPCB which are pending (i.e. not resolved to satisfaction) as on end of Financial Year. NIL 