271270 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSOur opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors and the financial statements certified by the management.  Report on Other Legal and Regulatory RequirementsA.  As required by section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements of such subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as were audited by other auditors, as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that: a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements. b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors. c)  The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act. e)  On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 31 March 2019 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Group companies, its associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India is disqualified as on 31 March 2019 from being appointed as a director in terms of section 164(2) of the Act.  f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”.B.  With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements of the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph: i.  The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March 2019 on the consolidated financial position of the Group, its associates and joint ventures. Refer Note 40 to the consolidated financial statements. ii.  Provision has been made in the consolidated financial statements, as required under the applicable law or Ind AS, for material foreseeable losses, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts. Refer Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in respect of such items as it relates to the Group, its associates and joint ventures. iii.  There has been no delay in transferring amounts to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Holding Company or its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India during the year ended 31 March 2019.  iv.  The disclosures in the consolidated financial statements regarding holdings as well as dealings in specified bank notes during the period from 8 November 2016 to 30 December 2016 have not been made in the financial statements since they do not pertain to the financial year ended 31 March 2019.C. With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor’s report under section 197(16):  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on the reports of the statutory auditors of such subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India which were not audited by us, the remuneration paid during the current year by the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures to its directors is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director by the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures is not in excess of the limit laid down under section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details under section 197(16) which are required to be commented upon by us.For B S R & Co. LLP  Chartered AccountantsFirm’s Registration No. 101248W/W-100022Jamil KhatriPartnerMumbai, 29 May, 2019 Membership No. 102527