11MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LTD.  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2018-19POWERED BY GOOD GOVERNANCEPROFESSIONALISMWe have always sought the most appropriate people for the job and have given them the freedom and the opportunity to grow under our wings. We support and celebrate innovation, out-of-the-box thinking, well-reasoned risk-taking and reward performance.GOOD CORPORATE CITIZENSHIPWe are known in the business community for being an ethics-centric organisation. We have always believed in doing business with a larger social purpose, keeping in mind the welfare and growth of the communities we serve.CUSTOMER FIRSTAt Mahindra, we follow an internal metric called the 'Customer as Promoter Score'. This is one of the ways in which we measure the success of our businesses by their level of customer-centricity. This is designed around our goal to create and sustain a positive experience for our customers, because of whom we exist and prosper.QUALITY FOCUSWe put quality at the forefront, not just in our products but also in our actions and interactions. Each of our businesses achieves its goal through individual strategy, while keeping a close eye on maintaining quality, in every step of the way.DIGNITY OF THE INDIVIDUALFor us, the cornerstone of our business is our human resource – our people. This is not something we merely preach, but something we truly believe in and practice, at all times. We respect the time and efforts of our stakeholders and all our policies are designed, keeping their well-being and betterment in mind.OUR CORE VALUESFor more details about our corporate governance, please refer to page 153 of our Annual Report 2019.Doing things is important, doing them the right way is even more important. Good governance beckons the right way, taking a company towards sustained success. At Mahindra, it is a part of our DNA and we have institutionalised it through a set of Core Values, Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Policies and structures like the Corporate Governance Council. The framework is ﬁrmly in place to ensure that we are Designed to Rise, and all governance issues are effectively and transparently addressed.Good governance has paid us rich dividends. Business partners trust us, because we are clear on how we work and what we stand for. Foreign collaborators prefer us because they know that our expertise is supported by ethics. Our shareholders know that this is a Company that will always do the right thing and will never let them down. Our people feel a sense of pride in working for Mahindra. Good governance generates long-term sustainable value for all the stakeholders.