225224 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS   Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.   The benefit of a government loan at a below market-rate of interest is treated as government grant and is measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates. (n) Employee Benefits  Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund   The Company’s contribution paid / payable during the year to Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund are recognised in profit or loss.  Provident Fund   Contributions to Provident Fund are made to a Trust administered by the Company/Regional Provident Fund Commissioners and are charged to profit or loss as incurred. The Company is liable for the contribution and any shortfall in interest between the amount of interest realised by the investments and the interest payable to members at the rate declared by the Government of India in respect  of the Trust administered by the Company.   Long term Compensated Absences   Company’s liability towards long term compensated absences are determined by independent actuaries, using the projected unit  credit method.  Gratuity, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes   Company’s liability towards gratuity, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes are determined by independent actuaries, using the projected unit credit method. Past services are recognised at the earlier of the plan amendment/curtailment and the recognition of related restructuring costs/termination benefits.   The obligation on long term compensated absences and defined benefit plans are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using a discount rate that is determined by reference to the market yields at the balance sheet date on government bonds where the currency and terms of the government bonds are consistent with the currency and estimated terms of the  obligation.  Remeasurement gains/losses   Remeasurement of defined benefit plans, comprising of actuarial gains or losses, return on plan assets excluding interest income are recognised immediately in  balance sheet with corresponding debit or credit to other comprehensive income. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent period.    Remeasurement gains or losses on long term compensated absences that are classified as other long term benefits are recognised in profit or loss.  Employee Stock Option Scheme   Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Company’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity.   (o) Borrowing Costs   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Interest income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred. (p) Income taxes  Current tax   Current tax is determined as the amount of tax payable in respect of taxable income for the year. The Company’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.   Deferred tax   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. 2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)