MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED10Brief details of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta are mentioned below:•	Dr.	Vishakha	N.	Desai:  Dr. Vishakha N. Desai is the recipient of five honorary degrees and holds a B.A. in Political Science from Bombay University and an M.A. and Ph.D. in Asian Art History from the University of Michigan.  Dr. Vishakha N. Desai was first appointed as a Director on the Board of the Company on 30th May, 2012.   Dr. Vishakha N. Desai is Senior Advisor for Global Affairs to the President of Columbia University in the city of New York, Vice-Chair of Columbia’s Committee on Global Thought, and Senior Research Scholar in Global Studies at its School of International and Public Affairs. From 1990 to 2012, Dr. Vishakha N. Desai held a variety of positions at the Asia Society, initially as the Director of the Asia Society Museum and for the last eight years as President and CEO. Under her leadership as President, she expanded the Society’s reach in Asia through innovative programs and through the establishment of new centers in the region.   Dr. Vishakha N. Desai is a Trustee of the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation and Chair of the Board of Trustees of AFS Intercultural Programs. She also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Teach For All, the Social Science Research Council, on the Governing Council of the newly established KREA University, and is currently Vice Chair of the Advisory Board for the Smithsonian’s Asian Pacific American Center. In previous years, she has served as the President of the Association of Art Museum Directors and has been on numerous other boards and advisory committees of both national and international not-for-profit organizations including but not limited to the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation, Brookings Institution, Bertelsmann Foundation, Auroville Foundation of India and the House of World Cultures in Berlin.  In addition to several publications, Dr. Vishakha N. Desai is also a frequent contributor to newspapers and magazines in both the US and Asia.   Dr. Vishakha N. Desai has completed 70 years of age. Apart from Mahindra & Mahindra Limited, Dr. Vishakha N. Desai is not a Director in any other company.  Dr. Vishakha N. Desai is a Chairperson/Member of the following Board Committees:Sr. No.Name of the CompanyName of the CommitteePosition held1.Mahindra & Mahindra LimitedCorporate Social Responsibility CommitteeChairpersonStakeholders Relationship CommitteeMember  Dr. Vishakha N. Desai holds 5,000 Ordinary (Equity) Shares in the Company.  During the year 1st April, 2018 to 31st March, 2019, five Board Meetings of the Company were held, and Dr. Vishakha N. Desai had attended all Board Meetings of the Company.  Dr. Vishakha N. Desai would be entitled to sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees thereof. In addition, she would be entitled to commission as determined each year by the Board of Directors within the limits approved by the Members of the Company for the Non-Executive Directors of the Company.  The sitting fees paid to Dr. Vishakha N. Desai during the Financial Year 2018-19 is Rs. 6.70 lakhs. The commission paid to her for the Financial Year 2017-18 is Rs. 36 lakhs. For Financial Year 2018-19, Commission payable to Dr. Vishakha N. Desai will be Rs. 36 lakhs.  The perquisite value of ESOPs exercised by Dr. Vishakha N. Desai during the year is Rs. 30.30 lakhs. These ESOPs  were granted to her in the year 2012, i.e., prior to the Companies Act, 2013 and the amendments made to the erstwhile Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement, restricting grant of ESOPs to Independent Directors. SEBI in November, 2015 had clarified that Independent Directors can exercise their ESOPs provided they were granted to them prior to the aforesaid provisions coming into force.•	Mr.	Vikram	Singh	Mehta:  Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta completed his Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics (Hons.) from St. Stephens College, Delhi University. He has a Master’s Degree in Politics and Economics (Hons.) from Magdalen College, Oxford University, UK and a Master’s Degree in Energy Economics from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University in USA.  Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta was first appointed as a Director on the Board of the Company on 30th May, 2012.  Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta was until November, 2012 Chairman of the Shell Group of Companies in India. Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta’s career began as a Member 