194COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSscrap dealers who either recover the material used or cannibalize/refurbish the parts for reuse.   So far we have been doing a simplified Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) in the form of compliance with End of Life of vehicle (ELV) directive for European M1 & N1 products. The vehicles exported and certified as per European Emission Compliance (EEC) directive 2005/64/ EC. We have now conducted an experimental project to evaluate full LCA during 2017. For this study one UV pickup model Bolero Maxi Truck (BMT) and one XUV 5OO assessment has been completed. The outcomes will be incorporated in the feature development phases.  The CO2 emissions are evaluated during the type approval test at the government approved test agencies and this data is used to assess the CO2 impact of products as Company weighted average fuel consumption (CAFC) to align with future Fuel Economy emission regulation in India.Principle 3: Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees.1.  Please indicate the Total number of employees: 42,8752.  Please indicate the Total number of employees hired on temporary/contractual/ casual basis: 21,020 3.  Please indicate the Number of permanent women employees: 771 4.  Please indicate the Number of permanent employees with disabilities: 20 5.  Do you have an employee association that is recognized by management: Yes 6.  What percentage of your permanent employees is members of this recognized employee association? (Total Unionized Permanent Workmen/Total Permanent Workmen): 84% 7.  Please indicate the Number of complaints relating to child labour, forced labour, involuntary labour, sexual harassment in the last financial year and pending, as on the end of the financial year. Sr. No.CategoryNo. of complaints filed during the financial yearNo. of complaints pending as on end of the financial year1. Child labour/forced labour/involuntary labour NilNil2. Sexual harassment 4Nil3. Discriminatory employment NilNil8.  What percentage of your under mentioned employees were given safety & skill up-gradation training in the last year?  (a) Permanent Employees: 83%  (b) Permanent Women Employees: 97%  (c) Casual/Temporary/Contractual Employees: 66%  (d) Employees with Disabilities: 100% Principle 4: Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized.1.  Has the company mapped its internal and external stakeholders? Yes/No:  Yes 2.  Out of the above, has the company identified the disadvantaged, vulnerable & marginalized stakeholders?:  Yes 3.  Are there any special initiatives taken by the company to engage with the disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized stakeholders? If so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.   The Company has made conscious efforts to design products and offerings, specifically to improve the earning potential and encourage entrepreneurship amongst rural and semi-urban stakeholders through offering accessible and affordable technology. Moreover, in the Farm equipment business vertical, there is a conscious focus to deliver ‘Farm Prosperity’ through various products and services that are designed to improve farm productivity especially amongst small farmers. Trringo is a revolutionary tractor and farm equipment rental business that harnesses the power of technology through a strong franchisee network to make farm mechanization easily accessible, affordable and reachable to every Indian farmer. EPC - a Mahindra group company, popularly known as EPC Irrigation is a pioneer of micro-irrigation in India. EPC provides complete solution for agriculture with a focus on Micro-Irrigation, Pumps & inter-related requirements of fertigation & agronomic support.   Under its Corporate Social Responsibility, M&M has been driving various projects across the country to uplift the marginalized and vulnerable community. The Integrated Watershed Management Project (IWMP) is one such project that was initiated in 2011 in a Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode with the Government of Madhya Pradesh at Damoh. The 