283282 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)   Intangible assets are initially recognised at cost except those acquired in a business combination.   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortised on a straight line basis so as to reflect the pattern in which the asset’s economic benefits are consumed.  Intangible assets under development   The Group expenses costs incurred during research phase to profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred. Development phase expenses are initially recognised as intangible assets under development until the development phase is complete, upon which the amount is capitalised as intangible asset.  Intangible assets acquired under business combination   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are initially recognised at their fair value on the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.  Other intangible assets  Technical Knowhow   The expenditure incurred is amortised over the estimated period of benefit, commencing with the year of purchase of the technology.  Development Expenditure   The expenditure incurred on technical services and other project/product related expenses are amortised over the estimated period of benefit, not exceeding five years.  License fee  The expenditure incurred is amortised over the period of relevant licence fee or the estimated period of benefit, whichever is lower.  Software Expenditure  The expenditure incurred is amortised over three financial years equally commencing from the year in which the expenditure is incurred.  Others  The expenditure incurred is amortised over the estimated period of benefit.   The amortisation period for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed annually and changes in expected useful lives are treated as changes in estimates. (h) Impairment of Assets   At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to sell, of the asset or cash-generating unit, as the case may be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised and the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount.   When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) earlier. Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss are presented as part of ‘other expenses’.   Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. (i) Inventories   Inventories comprise cost of purchase, conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.   Raw materials and bought out components are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value. Cost is determined on the basis of the weighted average method.   Finished goods produced and purchased for sale, manufactured components and work-in-progress are carried at cost or net realisable value whichever is lower.   Stores, spares and tools other than obsolete and slow moving items are carried at cost. Obsolete and slow moving items are valued at cost or estimated net realisable value, whichever is lower.