The Jawa has been one of the most sought-after motorcycles in India from the 70s through the 90s. And with success of JAWA your Company plans to build the brand in the premium niche two-wheeler segment.RoadMaster G75 is the only Indigenously developed product in the motor grader space and is developed keeping in mind the needs of road contractor fraternity of maximizing the efciency of operations. Two-Wheeler BusinessFor the Financial Year 2018-19, your Company sold 10,496 two-wheelers (including 6,480 export). The business is in the process of realigning its strategy.Your Company through its subsidiary Classic Legends Private Limited re-introduced an iconic brand "JAWA" to Indian market with the successful launch of Jawa Motorcycles in November, 2018. All new range of JAWA motorcycles - Jawa & Jawa Forty Two were launched during the year.Growing concerns over air quality, road safety, sustainability and urban congestion, among consumers and society at large, are driving the regulations and policies for motor vehicles and urban development. These will impact choice of fuel, ownership patterns and will have a signicant impact on the future of the automotive industry. The Indian Auto industry is set to migrate to BS VI emission norms from 1 April, 2020. Also, as per the ruling of the Hon. Supreme Court, the 1 April, 2020 timeline is applicable to selling of BS VI vehicles and not limited to just manufacturing. The industry is gearing up to meet the challenges involved.On the safety front, the migration to new safety norms under Bharat New Vehicle Safety Assessment program (BNVSAP) is underway. The new norms are already implemented in FY19 for new vehicles and will be applicable to existing vehicles from April, 2020.OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATSAutomotive SectorFarm Equipment SectorGiven the importance of the automobile industry to the economy, its potential for generating employment opportunities and its backward and forward linkages with several sectors, the Government is keen to support its development.Going forward, India is expected to be amongst the fastest growing auto markets, on back of healthy economic outlook, nance penetration, urbanisation, investment in roads, infrastructure and new launches by OEMs.Strong Government focus for development of agriculture sector, increasing adoption of mechanisation & modern agricultural practices and rural development at large, is expected to drive sustainable growth in agriculture sector. With an objective of improving air quality and reducing the fuel import bill, the Government is actively pursuing the plan for electrication of the vehicle eet and has announced the FAME II (Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Hybrid & Electric Vehicles) policy. The industry is gearing up for meeting this challenge on the technology and product fronts.Increasing need for advanced technologies in the vehicles, competitive intensity and ever spiraling customer expectations - calls for increased R&D, closer working with suppliers, shorter product life cycles and rigorous monitoring of costs. 138COMPANYOVERVIEWBOARD’SREPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONAND ANALYSISCORPORATEGOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONEACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATEDACCOUNTS