61 includes activities like fitness improvement challenge (MRise), Mindfulness, Walkathon, Yoga, Zumba, medical check-ups, health consultation and counselling. As a result of many initiatives, the average Health index of its employees has improved as compared to the previous year. Further, all locations observed World Health Day, World Heart Day, World Kidney Day and World Diabetes Day. All associates of your Company were trained in First Aid. To create awareness among society at large, your Company has installed a display screen that displays real time readings for all parameters of Air Quality. This screen is installed just outside the manufacturing plant in Mumbai, which is located on the Western Express highway with high density vehicular traffic. Your Company has adopted the standard on Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and has undertaken various projects aimed at climate change mitigation, sustainable source use and protection of bio-diversity. Some examples of successful initiatives are Waste Heat Recovery, Green Platinum rated Buildings in Existing Building Category, Projects for Carbon Neutrality and Solar power installation.In addition to above, World Ozone Day, World Environment Day, No Print Day, World Earth Day, World Water Day and Energy Conservation Week and Water Conservation Week are observed on an annual basis. Certiﬁcations/RecertiﬁcationsAll Plants of your Company have been recertified under standard ISO 14001: 2015 and OHSAS 18001: 2007. Further, all Plants are in the process of implementing, integrated management system along with adopting the revised standard ISO 45001:2018.As a result of efforts over the last few years, nine plants of your Company are certified ‘Zero Waste to Landfill’, by Intertek USA. The Company revises its targets under SOH&E year on year, and the performance against these targets are reviewed periodically by Senior Management. Focused initiatives involving all stakeholders coupled with management reviews have helped to improve the SOH&E performance of your Company in the period 2018-19.K.BOARD & COMMITTEESDirectorsAs mentioned in the previous Annual Report, Mr. S. B. Mainak resigned from the Board of the Company and ceased to be a Director of the Company with effect from 11th May, 2018.Mr. M. M. Murugappan and Mr. Nadir B. Godrej were re-appointed at the 72nd Annual General Meeting held on 7th August, 2018, as Independent and Non-Executive Directors of the Company for a second term of two consecutive years each commencing from 8th August, 2018 to 7th August, 2020.Appointment of Mr. Vijay Kumar SharmaPursuant to the recommendation of the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board at its Meeting held on 14th November, 2018, appointed Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma as an Additional Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company representing Life Insurance Corporation of India, liable to retire by rotation with effect from 14th November, 2018. He shall hold office as an Additional Director upto the date of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on 7th August, 2019.Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma, is a Post-Graduate and superannuated as Chairman, Life Insurance Corporation of India on 31st December, 2018. From December, 2010 to November, 2013, he served as Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, LIC Housing Finance Limited (LICHFL), a premier housing finance company in the country. He is also on the Boards of various companies.The Company has received the requisite Notice from a Member in writing proposing his appointment as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company.Retirement by rotationDr. Pawan Goenka retires by rotation and, being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment at the 73rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company scheduled to be held on 7th August, 2019.Re-appointment of Independent Directors for a Second TermThe Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, on the basis of performance evaluation of Independent Directors and taking into account the external business environment, the business knowledge, acumen, experience and the substantial contribution made by Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta during their tenure, has recommended to the Board that continued association of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta as Independent Directors would be beneficial to the Company. Based on the above and the performance evaluation 