MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED12constructive manner, knowledge acquired with regard to the Company’s business, understanding of industry and global trends, etc.Copies of the draft letters of appointment of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta setting out terms and conditions of appointment are available for inspection by the Members in physical or electronic form at the Registered Office of the Company between 10.00 a.m. to 12.00 noon, on all working days (except Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays), up to the date of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and copies thereof shall also be made available for inspection in physical or electronic form at the Corporate Office of the Company situated at Mahindra Towers, 5th Floor, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 018 as well as during the AGM at the venue thereof.Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta are not disqualified from being appointed as Directors in terms of section 164 of the Act and have given their consent to act as Directors.The Company has received declarations from Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta stating that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under sub-section (6) of section 149 of the Act and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"). Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta are not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any Order issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any other authority. In the opinion of the Board, Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, fulfil the conditions for appointment as Independent Directors as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations. Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta are independent of the management. The Company has received notices in writing from a Member under section 160 of the Act, proposing the candidature of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, for the office of Director of the Company.Save and except Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, and their relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item Nos. 6 and 7 of the Notice. None of the Directors and KMP of the Company are inter-se related to each other.The Board recommends the Special Resolutions set out at Item Nos. 6 and 7 of the Notice for approval of the Members.ITEM NO. 8:The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to the recommendation of the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee has appointed Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma (DIN: 02449088) as an Additional Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company representing Life Insurance Corporation of India with effect from 14th November, 2018. He holds office upto the date of the ensuing Annual General Meeting pursuant to section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Article 107 of the Articles of Association of the Company. The Company has received notice in writing from a Member under section 160 of the Act, proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company.Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma is a post-graduate (M.Sc.) in Botany from Patna University. Mr. Sharma joined Life Insurance Corporation of India (“LIC”) as Direct Recruit Officer in 1981 and has grown with LIC since then. He held various challenging assignments pan India and in all operational streams including in-charge positions at different levels. Working across length and breadth of the country has added immensely to his experience and honed his understanding of demographics of the country, socioeconomic needs of different regions and multi-cultural challenges in implementation of LIC’s objectives.Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma superannuated as Chairman of LIC on 31st December, 2018. Prior to his taking over as Chairman on 16th December, 2016, he served as a Chairman (In charge) from 16th September, 2016 and Managing Director, Life Insurance Corporation of India from 1st November, 2013. From December 2010 to November 2013, he served as a Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, LIC Housing Finance Limited (LICHFL), a premiere housing finance company in the country. As MD & CEO of LICHFL, he stabilized the operations under most challenging circumstances of negative media glare, intense scrutiny by Regulator & others and turned it around to be the best Housing Finance Company in 2011.He has been an inspirational leader who utilizes negotiation skills gained over thirty seven years of extensive experience in insurance and financial sectors and strongly connects to the grass root levels, believes in bottom-up approach and has the ability to see the Big Picture and translate it to reality. He is known as Growth Leader, leading 