155 COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCEBusiness Ethics and Corporate Governance have been an integral part of the way your Company has been doing business since inception, which has contributed to its consistent growth. Your Company strongly believes that the best Corporate Governance practices have been the key enablers in inculcating stakeholders’ trust & confidence, attracting & retaining financial & human capital and meeting societal aspirations.A Report on compliance with the Corporate Governance provisions as prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (”Listing Regulations“) is given herein below:I.BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe composition of the Board of your Company is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations. The Executive Chairman of your Company, though a Professional Director in his individual capacity, is a Promoter and the number of Non-Executive and Independent Directors is more than one-half of the total number of Directors.Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Executive Chairman and Dr. Pawan Goenka, Managing Director are the Whole-time Directors of your Company. The remaining Non-Executive Directors, comprising of Seven Independent Directors including a Woman Director and One Non-Independent Director as on 31st March, 2019 on the Board are well qualified, experienced, competent and highly renowned persons from diverse fields including manufacturing, finance, economics, law, governance, etc. They take active part at the Board and Committee Meetings by providing valuable guidance and expert advice to the Board and the Management on various aspects of business, policy direction, governance, compliance, etc. and play critical role on strategic issues and add value in the decision making process of the Board of Directors. The maximum tenure of Independent Directors is in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Listing Regulations. All the Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria as mentioned Corporate Governancein Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Act. The Independent Directors provide an annual confirmation that they meet the criteria of independence. Based on the confirmations/disclosures received from the Independent Directors, the Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and are Independent of the Management.Apart from reimbursement of expenses incurred in the discharge of their duties, the remuneration that these Directors were entitled to under the Act as Non-Executive Directors and the remuneration that a Non-Executive Director may receive for professional services rendered to the Company through a firm in which he is a partner, none of these Directors have any other pecuniary relationships with your Company, its Subsidiaries or Associates or their Promoters or Directors, during the two immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year. None of the Directors of your Company are inter-se related to each other.Professional fees for the year under review to Khaitan & Co., Advocates & Solicitors, in which Mr. R. K. Kulkarni, Non-Executive and Independent Director is a partner, amounted to Rs. 160.48 lakhs (including out of pocket expenses).Pursuant to the recommendation of the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“GNRC”), the Board at its Meeting held on 14th November, 2018, appointed Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma as an Additional Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company representing Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) with effect from that date. Mr. Sharma will hold office as an Additional Director upto the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company to be held on  7th August, 2019, and thereafter, subject to the approval of the Members at the said AGM, as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, liable to retire by rotation.Further, the GNRC at its Meeting held on 28th May, 2019, after taking into account the performance evaluation of Independent Directors and the external business environment, the business knowledge, acumen, experience and the substantial contribution made by Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta during their tenure, has recommended to the Board that continued association of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and  