285284 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.   Debt investment at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income under effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.   For equity investments, the Group makes an election on an instrument-by-instrument basis to designate equity investments as measured at FVTOCI. These elected investments are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the reserves. The cumulative gain or loss is not reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the investments. These investments in equity are not held for trading. Instead, they are held for medium or long-term strategic purpose.	Upon	the	application	of	Ind	AS	109,	the	Group	has	chosen	to	designate	these	investments	as	at	FVTOCI	as	the	Group	believes	that this provides a more meaningful presentation for medium or long-term strategic investments, than reflecting changes in fair value immediately in profit or loss. Dividend income received on such equity investments are recognised in profit or loss.    Equity investments that are not designated as measured at FVTOCI are designated as measured at FVTPL and subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss.   Financial liabilities and equity instruments   Debt and equity instruments issued by the Group are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.   Equity instruments   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group is recognised at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable transaction costs.   Financial liabilities   Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading or it is a derivative (that does not meet hedge accounting requirements) or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.    Compound instruments   An issued financial instrument that comprises of both the liability and equity components are accounted as compound financial instruments. The fair value of the liability component is separated from the compound instrument and the residual value is recognised as equity component of other financial instrument. The liability component is subsequently measured at amortised cost, whereas the equity component is not remeasured after initial recognition. The transaction costs related to compound instruments are allocated to the liability and equity components in the proportion to the allocation of gross proceeds. Transaction costs related to equity component is recognised directly in equity and the cost related to liability component is included in the carrying amount of the liability component and amortised using effective interest method.   Derecognition of financial assets   The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows from financial asset in a manner that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset are transferred to another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for the amount it may have to pay.   If the Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised on its balance sheet, but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets, the transferred assets are not derecognised and the proceeds received are recognised as a collateralised borrowing.   Offsetting   Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the balance sheet when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.   Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments   A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.