221220 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS (e) Property, plant and equipment   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment, if any.   Cost includes financing cost relating to borrowed funds attributable to the construction or acquisition of qualifying tangible assets upto the date the assets are ready for use.    Depreciation is provided on straight-line basis for property, plant and equipment so as to expense the depreciable amount, i.e. the cost less estimated residual value, over its estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and the effect of any changes in estimate is accounted for on a prospective basis.   When an asset is scrapped or otherwise disposed off, the cost and related depreciation are removed from the books of account and resultant profit or loss, if any, is reflected in the Statement of Profit and Loss.   The management’s estimate of useful lives are in accordance with Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, other than the following asset classes, based on the Company’s expected usage pattern supported by technical assessment:Asset ClassUseful lives(i) Certain items of Plant and Equipment2 years, 3 years, 5 years, 7 years, 10 years, 20 years and 25 years as the case may be.(ii) Buildings (Roads)15 years(iii) Vehicles5 years (f) Intangible assets  Intangible assets are initially recognised at cost.    Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortised on a straight line basis so as to reflect the pattern in which the asset’s economic benefits are consumed.   Intangible assets under development   The Company expenses costs incurred during research phase to profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred. Development phase expenses are initially recognised as intangible assets under development until the development phase is complete, upon which the amount is capitalised as intangible asset.  Other intangible assets  i) Technical Knowhow    The expenditure incurred is amortised over the estimated period of benefit, commencing with the year of purchase of the technology.  ii) Development Expenditure    The expenditure incurred on technical services and other project/product related expenses are amortised over the estimated period of benefit, not exceeding five years.  iii) Brand license fee   The expenditure incurred is amortised over the period of relevant licence fee or the estimated period of benefit, whichever is lower.  iv) Software Expenditure    The expenditure incurred is amortised over three financial years equally commencing from the year in which the expenditure is incurred.  v) Others   The expenditure incurred is amortised over the estimated period of benefit.    The amortisation period for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed annually and changes in expected useful lives are treated as changes in estimates. (g) Impairment of assets   At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to sell, of the asset or cash-generating unit, as the case may be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised and the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount. In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.  When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.   When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) earlier. 2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)