159 E.  Director(s) seeking Appointment/ Re-appointment Dr. Pawan Goenka, Managing Director, is liable to retire by rotation and being eligible for re-appointment at the ensuing AGM of your Company, has offered himself for re-appointment.Pursuant to the recommendation of the GNRC, the Board at its Meeting held on 14th November, 2018, appointed Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma as an Additional Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company representing LIC with effect from 14th November, 2018, to hold office  as an Additional Director upto the forthcoming AGM of the Company.Further, the Board at its Meeting held on 29th May, 2019, based on the recommendation of the GNRC, recommended the re-appointment of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, as Independent Directors of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a second term from 8th August, 2019 to 30th April, 2024 and from 8th August, 2019 to 7th August, 2024, respectively, on the Board of the Company. The profiles of Dr. Pawan Goenka, Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma, Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta along with other details are as follows:   Dr. Pawan Goenka Managing DirectorDr. Pawan Goenka has earned his B.Tech. in Mechanical Engineering from I.I.T., Kanpur and Ph.D. from Cornell University, U.S.A. He is also a Graduate of Advanced Management Program from Harvard Business School. He worked at General Motors R&D Centre in Detroit, U.S.A. from 1979 to 1993. Thereafter, he joined Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd., as General Manager (R&D). During his R&D tenure he led the development of the Scorpio SUV. He was appointed COO (Automotive Sector) in April 2003, President (Automotive Sector) in September 2005, President (Automotive & Farm Equipment Sectors) in April 2010.  Dr. Pawan Goenka was first appointed as an Executive Director and President (AFS) on the Board of the Company on 23rd September, 2013, Executive Director and Group President (AFS) in April, 2015, and Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd., in November 2016. Dr. Goenka is also a member of the Group Executive Board and serves on the Board of several Mahindra Group Companies. Dr. Goenka received the Extraordinary Accomplishment Award from General Motors in 1986, the Burt L. Newkirk Award for the year 1987, the Charles L. McCuen Achievement Award from General Motors for the years 1985 & 1991, an Outstanding International Advisor Award from SAE in 1997, and a Distinguished Alumni Award from I.I.T., Kanpur in 2004. He received the Engineering Excellence Award 2012 from SAE India Foundation. He is a Fellow of SAE International and of The Indian National Academy of Engineers. He was also awarded Honorary Fellowship from Institution of Mechanical Engineers in December 2017.In January 2011, Dr. Pawan Goenka was honoured with the Automotive Man of the Year award at the NDTV Car & Bike Awards. In December 2011, Dr. Goenka featured as Autocar Professional’s Man of the Year 2011. He was conferred the ‘CV Man of the Year’ award at the annual Apollo CV Awards 2012 in recognition of his extensive contribution within the automotive industry in India and globally. He was conferred with the Doctor of Science (honoris causa) by I.I.T., Kanpur in 2015 and has been awarded the 2016 FISITA Medal of Honour, which is bestowed for his ‘Particularly Distinguished Achievement and Leadership in The Global Automotive Industry’ and is the first Indian to receive this prestigious recognition. Dr. Pawan Goenka has completed 64 years of age.Dr. Goenka is past President of SIAM, the Society of Automotive Engineers India, the ARAI Governing Council, and also served as a Board Member of National Skills Development Corporation (NSDC). He is currently a National Council Member of Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and Chairman of its Manufacturing Council. He is currently serving as the Chairman  of the Board of Governors of Indian Institute of Technology, Madras. Dr. Goenka is the Chairman of Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited, Mahindra Electric Mobility Limited, Mahindra Agri Solutions Limited, Mahindra and Mahindra South Africa (Pty.) Limited, Mahindra USA Inc., SsangYong Motor Company, Mahindra Racing UK Limited, Mahindra Automotive North America Inc. and Mitsubishi Mahindra Agricultural Machinery Co. Limited. He is the Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited and also on the Boards of Mahindra First Choice wheels Limited, Swaraj Engines Limited,  New Democratic Electoral Trust and Classic Legends Private Limited.