287286 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)   Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments issued by the Group are initially measured at their fair values and, if not designated as at FVTPL, are subsequently measured at the higher of:		•	the	amount	of	loss	allowance	determined	in	accordance	with	impairment	requirements	of	Ind	AS	109;	and		•		the	amount	initially	recognised	less,	when	appropriate,	the	cumulative	amount	of	income	recognised	in	accordance	with	the	principles of Ind AS 115.   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting   The Group enters into derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate swaps, to manage its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of Ind AS 109 are treated as separate derivatives when their risks and economic characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedging relationship and the nature of the hedged item.   The Group designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives in respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments are accounted for as cash flow hedges.   At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.   Changes in fair value of the designated portion of derivatives that qualify as fair value hedges are recognised in profit or loss immediately, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk.   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit and loss.   Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity relating to (effective portion as described above) are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss.   Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in the statement of profit and loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in the profit or loss.   Impairment of financial assets   The Group applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for recognising impairment loss on financial assets. With respect to trade receivables, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If, on the other hand, the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12 month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition. 12 month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.   Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the assets. For debt securities at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI.   The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write- off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss. (l) Revenue Recognition   The Group has adopted Ind AS 115 using the modified retrospective approach (cumulative effect at the date of application) with effect from initially applying this standard form 1 April 2018. Accordingly, the information presented for previous year ended 31 March 2018 has not been restated. 