76COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSI.  The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the company for the Financial Year:  The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the Financial Year was Rs. 7.93 lakhs and ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the Financial Year is provided in the above table.II.  The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the Financial Year:  In the Financial Year, there was an increase of 1.28% in the median remuneration of employees.III.  The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company:  There were 21,020 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31st March, 2019.IV.  Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last Financial Year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justiﬁcation thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:  Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the Financial Year i.e. 2018-19 was 5.37% whereas the increase in the managerial remuneration for the Financial Year 2018-19 was 12.77%.  The remuneration of the Executive Chairman and the Managing Director is decided based on the individual performance, inflation, prevailing industry trends and benchmarks.  The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors consists of commission and sitting fees. While deciding the remuneration, various factors such as Director’s participation in Board and Committee Meetings during the year, other responsibilities undertaken, such as Membership or Chairmanship of Committees, time spent in carrying out other duties, role and functions as envisaged in Schedule IV of the Act and Listing Regulations and such other factors as the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee may deem fit etc. were taken into consideration.V.  Afﬁrmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company:  It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Policy for Remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.