170COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSD.  Corporate Social Responsibility CommitteeDr. Vishakha N. Desai, Independent Director is the Chairperson of the Committee. Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Dr. Pawan Goenka, Mr. R. K. Kulkarni and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta are the other Members of the Committee. Out of the total number of Members of the Committee, three are Independent Directors.The Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee is a Committee constituted by the Board with powers, inter alia, to make donations/contributions to any Charitable and/or CSR projects or programs to be implemented directly or through an executing agency or other Not for Profit Agency with minimum three years proven track record or through a Corporate Foundation or other reputed Non-Governmental Organisation, of at least two percent of the Company’s average net profits during the three immediately preceding Financial Years in pursuance of its CSR Policy for the Company’s CSR Initiatives.The scope of functions of the Committee includes, inter alia, the formulation and recommendation to the Board for its approval and implementation, the Business Responsibility (“BR”) Policy(ies) of the Company, undertake periodical assessment of the Company’s BR performance, review the draft BR Report and recommend the same to the Board for its approval and inclusion in the Annual Report of the Company.The role of this Committee also includes recommendation of the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the CSR activities as enumerated in Schedule VII of the Act and also referred to in the CSR Policy of the Company, as also to monitor the CSR Policy from time to time, etc.During the year, the Annexure to the CSR Policy containing list of the CSR Projects (2018-19) was updated.The CSR Policy for your Company as duly amended is available on the website of the Company at the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zip.The Committee met thrice during the year under  review on 28th May, 2018, 13th November, 2018 and  22nd March, 2019. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:MembersNumber of Meetings attendedDr. Vishakha N. Desai (Chairperson)3Mr. Anand G. Mahindra3Dr. Pawan Goenka3Mr. R. K. Kulkarni3Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta3E.  Risk Management CommitteeRegulation 21 of the Listing Regulations mandates constitution of the Risk Management Committee. The Committee is required to lay down the procedures to inform to the Board about the risk assessment and minimisation procedures and the Board shall be responsible for framing, implementing and monitoring the Risk Management Plan of the Company. The Board has constituted a Risk Management Committee. The Committee is headed by Dr. Pawan Goenka. The other Members are Mr. Nadir B. Godrej, Mr. M. M. Murugappan, Mr. R. K. Kulkarni and Mr. T. N. Manoharan. During the year under review, the terms of reference of this Committee have been aligned with the changes made in the Listing Regulations based  on the recommendations of the Uday Kotak Committee which now specifically covers Cyber Security and  related risks.The Committee met twice during the year under review on 13th November, 2018 and 25th March, 2019.  The attendance at the Meetings was as under: MembersNumber of Meetings attendedDr. Pawan Goenka (Chairman)2Mr. Nadir B. Godrej2Mr. M. M. Murugappan2Mr. R. K. Kulkarni2Mr. T. N. Manoharan2F.   Research & Development Committee  (A voluntary initiative of your Company)The Research & Development (“R&D”) Committee, which was constituted by the Board in 1998, provides direction on the R&D mission and strategy and key  R&D and technology issues. The Committee also reviews and makes recommendations on the skills and competencies required and the structure and the process needed to ensure that the R&D initiatives result in products that are in keeping with the business needs.  Mr. M. M. Murugappan is the Chairman of the Committee. Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Dr. Pawan Goenka and Mr. Nadir B. Godrej are the other Members  of the Committee.