287286 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)   Sales of goods   The Group recognises revenue from sale of goods measured at fair value of the consideration received or receivable, upon satisfaction of performance obligation which is at point in time when control of goods is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods. Depending on the terms of the contract which differ from contract to contract, the goods are sold on reasonable credit term. As per the terms of the contract, consideration that is variable, according to Ind As 115, is estimated at contract inception and update thereafter at each reporting date or until crystallisation of the amount.   Sale of services   Sale of services are recognized on satisfaction of performance obligation towards rendering of such services.   Dividend and interest income   Dividend from investments are recognised in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.   Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably.    Income from financing business   Interest income is recognised in Statement of profit and loss using the effective interest method for all financial instruments measured at amortised cost, debt instruments measured at FVOCI and debt instruments designated at FVTPL.   If expectations regarding the cash flows on the financial asset are revised for reasons other than credit risk, the adjustment is recorded as a positive or negative adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset in the balance sheet with an increase or reduction in interest income. The adjustment is subsequently amortised through interest income in the Statement of profit and loss.   When a financial asset becomes credit-impaired, the Group calculates interest income by applying the effective interest rate to the net amortised cost of the financial asset. If the financial assets cures and is no longer credit-impaired, the Group reverts to calculating interest income on a gross basis.   Additional interest and interest on trade advances, are recognised when they become measurable and when it is not unreasonable to expect their ultimate collection.   Income from bill discounting is recognised over the tenure of the instrument so as to provide a constant periodic rate of return.   Fee and commission income   Fee based income are recognised when they become measurable and when it is probable to expect their ultimate collection.   Commission and brokerage income earned for the services rendered are recognised as and when they are due.   Long term construction contracts and property development activity   Some of the Group companies are in the business to develop and sell residential and commercial properties. Revenue from such contracts is recognised when control over the property has been transferred to the customer. An enforceable right to payment does not arise until the development of the property is completed. Therefore, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the legal title has passed to the customer and the development of the property is completed. The revenue is measured at the transaction price agreed under the contract.   For certain contracts involving the sale of property under development, deferred payment schemes are offered to the customers. The transaction price is adjusted for the effects of the significant financing component.   Income from Sale of land and other rights   Revenue from sale of land and other rights are considered upon transfer of all significant risks and rewards of ownership of such real estate/property as per the terms of the contract entered into with the buyers, which generally with the firmity of the sale contracts/agreements. The determination of transfer of control did not change upon the adoption of Ind AS 115.    Income from Project Management   Project management fees receivable on fixed period contracts is accounted over the tenure of the contract/agreement. Where the fee is linked to the input costs, revenue is recognised as a proportion of the work completed based on progress claims submitted. Where the management fee is linked to the revenue generation from the project, revenue is recognised on the percentage of completion basis. The determination of transfer of control did not change upon the adoption of Ind AS 115.   Land Lease Premium   Land lease premium is recognized as income upon creation of leasehold rights in favour of the lessee or upon an agreement to create leasehold rights with handing over of possession. Property lease rentals, income from operation & maintenance charges and water charges are recognized on an accrual basis as per terms of the agreement with the lessees.