53available in the Annual Report. The Company had created its first Integrated Annual Report (for Financial Year 2018). Your Company also continues to organise con-call on Environment, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) for analysts and investors, which has received excellent feedback from investors and ESG analysts for this pioneering initiative. Your Company ensures that critical information about the Company is available to all the investors by uploading all such information at the Company’s website. Your Company has created a ‘Group Investor Relations Council’ to share best practices across all the listed Group Companies and learn from each other. Your Company has also been nominated for the IR Magazine Awards – India 2019 in 3 categories namely Best financial reporting (large cap), Best use of media and technology and Best investor meetings (large cap).DividendYour Directors are pleased to recommend a dividend of Rs. 8.50 per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the face value of Rs. 5 each on the Share Capital, payable to those Shareholders whose names appear in the Register of Members as on the Book Closure Date. The equity dividend outgo for the Financial Year 2018-19, inclusive of tax on distributed profits (after reducing the tax on distributed profits of Rs. 86.58 crores on the dividends declared by subsidiaries as of the date of this report and receivable during the current Financial Year 2019-20) would absorb a sum of Rs. 1,187.35 crores [as against Rs. 1,054.53 crores comprising the dividend of Rs. 7.50 per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the face value of Rs. 5 each on the enhanced share capital and tax thereon paid for the previous year]. Further, the Board of your Company decided not to transfer any amount to the General Reserve for the year under review.The dividend pay-out is in accordance with the Company’s Dividend Distribution Policy.Dividend Distribution PolicyThe Dividend Distribution Policy containing the requirements mentioned in Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is attached as Annexure I and forms part of this Annual Report.B.CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSThe Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures prepared in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Indian Accounting Standards along with all relevant documents and the Auditors’ Report form part of this Annual Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements presented by the Company include the financial results of its subsidiary companies, associates and  joint ventures.The Financial Statements as stated above are also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at the Web-link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zipSubsidiary, Joint Venture and Associate CompaniesThe Mahindra Group Companies continue to contribute to the overall growth in revenues and overall performance of your Company.Tech Mahindra Limited, Flagship Company in the IT Sector, has reported a consolidated operating revenue of Rs. 34,742 crores in the current year as compared to Rs. 30,773 crores in the previous year, an increase of 13%. Its consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interests is Rs. 4,298 crores as compared to Rs. 3,800 crores in the previous year, an increase of 13%.The Group’s finance company, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (Mahindra Finance), reported a consolidated operating income of Rs. 10,372 crores during the current year as compared to Rs. 7,884 crores in the previous year, a growth of 32%. The consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interests for the year is Rs. 1,827 crores as compared to Rs. 1,185 crores in the previous year, a growth of 54%.Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited, the subsidiary in the business of real estate and infrastructure registered a consolidated operating income of Rs. 593 crores as compared to Rs. 566 crores in the previous year. The consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interests for the year is Rs. 120 crores as compared to Rs. 101 crores in the previous year.Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited, the subsidiary in the business of timeshare registered a consolidated operating income of Rs. 2,239 crores as compared to Rs. 2,317 crores in the previous year. The consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interests for the year is Rs. 60 crores as compared to Rs. 132 crores in the previous year.Mahindra Logistics Limited, a listed subsidiary in the logistics business has registered a consolidated operating income of Rs. 3,851 crores as compared to 