91   •  Spreading the importance of energy conservation in nearby schools and colleges. (ii)  The steps taken by the Company for utilising alternate sources of energy:   For the year under review, your Company increased its installed solar power capacity, from 3.5 MW to 9 MW. In addition, your Company increased installed wind power capacity from 4.2 MW to 6.3 MW.    Power from renewable sources is 5.3% of total power consumption and mitigates 16,233 tons of CO2. Your Company has set a target to increase the share of renewable energy to 10% by Financial Year 2020.  (iii)  The capital investment on energy conservation equipments:   For the year under review, the capital investment on energy conservation equipment was Rs. 30.98 crores. This investment was broadly done in the areas of Renewable energy, Energy efficient AC’s, compressor heat recovery, energy efficient motors, pumps and many more energy conservation initiatives.    As a result of the above initiatives and similar initiatives taken in the previous years, the carbon footprint of your Company has reduced by 25% over the baseline of Financial Year 2016. (B) Technology Absorption (i) The efforts made towards technology absorption:    Your Company is committed towards technology driven innovation and inculcating an innovation driven culture within the organisation.   During the year under review, your Company continued to work on advanced technologies, upgradation of existing technology and capability development in the critical areas for current and future growth. In the Automotive Sector, special focus was given on BSVI emission technologies, gasoline engine technologies, safety technologies, alternative materials, automotive electronics and connected vehicles. In Farm Equipment Sector, technology areas such as intelligent tractors, new electronic architecture were given special emphasis. This would help in making our products retain their competitive edge in the market in the coming years.   Your Company continues to invest in technology development and patent acquisitions. For the year under review, your Company filed a total of 152 patent applications. Cumulatively, your Company has filed 1,268 patent applications so far. (ii)  The beneﬁts derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution:   The efforts taken by your Company towards technology development and absorption help deliver competitive advantage and market leadership through the launch of customer centric products and variants, introduction of new features and improvement of product performance. Some examples of results delivered in the year 2018-19 are:  •  Launch of Marazzo globally engineered MPV with bold design, patented Body-on-frame, front wheel drive architecture, first in class electric power steering, industry first surround cool technology.  •  Launch of Alturas G4, a luxury SUV to redefine the high-end SUV with advanced high-tech features like 3D Around View Camera system, Unmatched safety with features like 9 Airbags.  •  Launch of XUV300, a global product which combines Korean technology with Indian innovation and finesse based on the X100 platform of SsangYong.  •  The New TUV300 launch, powered by the powerful mHAWK100 engine, delivering 100 BHP and 240 Nm of torque. The Cushion Suspension Technology and optimised ride height offering a better drive experience.  •  Launch of India’s first pick up, the Maha Bolero Pick-up, with 1,700 Kg payload capacity.  •  Launch of FURIO, brand-new range of Intermediate Commercial Vehicles (ICVs) which makes Mahindra a full range commercial vehicle player.  •  Fortifying the core in farm sector with launch of Novo 65 HP and 75 HP tractors.  •  Development of intelligent tractor with auto steering capability.  •  New lightweight materials technologies to improve performance and efficiency.