thTurkey is the 4 largest tractor market in the world by volume. To strengthen the presence in this strategic market, your Company acquired Hisarlar in FY2017 and then Erkunt Traktor Sanayii A.S. (Erkunt) in FY2018. Your Company plans to leverage its global acquisitions and partnerships to get modern farm mechanization technologies into India.MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN HUMAN RESOURCES AND EMPLOYEE RELATIONSThe strategic purpose of Human Resources is to be a catalyst for creating the Human Capital transformation required to ensure sustained business outperformance, while simultaneously addressing the needs of its multiple stakeholders (beginning with customers and employees) and strengthening the core values of the Group. In the long run, the ultimate metric for success is continuous improvement in the total factor productivity, while addressing the business imperatives of cash, cost, competence and condence. The emphasis has been on aligning all the HR levers towards achieving these goals. In line with the above, the Group's Human Resources Philosophy is guided by the three Rise Pillars of Accepting No Limits, Alternative Thinking and Driving Positive Change, and the Group's aspiration ofbeing among the top 50 most admired global brands by 2021, by enabling people everywhere to Rise.In this overall architecture, a key strategic initiative that needs mentioning is integrating Employer Branding and Employee Experience initiatives with the Employee Value Proposition so as to create a uniform One Mahindra experience for all employees.Talent Management, Leadership Developmentand Performance Management SystemsFocus continued on the Talent Management, Leadership Development processes and Performance Management System, which included Development Centres, Individual Development Planning, e-learning, up-skilling programs, Leadership Lifecycle programs and Action-Learning Projects.Over years, the Company has lived with the dilemma of how to build a healthy pipeline of talent in specialist areas especially of Product Development and manage careers of people in these areas. In the past, several attempts had also been made to implement some ideas in this regard, but without success. The HR Team spent a good amount of time with the key stakeholders including the top Management The Tech Ladder implementation in Mahindra has been a response to one of the biggest challenges the Company has been facing in Talent Management.144COMPANYOVERVIEWBOARD’SREPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONAND ANALYSISCORPORATEGOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONEACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATEDACCOUNTSAcquired in FY2016, Mitsubishi Agriculture Machinery-Japan, now, Mahindra Mitsubishi Agriculture Machinery (MMAM), is the centre of excellence for rice value chain. Sampo Rosenlew (Finland), acquired in FY2016 is helping address the global combine harvester business. 