291290 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)   Non-controlling interest is initially measured at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition by acquisition basis. Subsequent to initial acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interest is the amount of those interest in initial recognition plus the non-controlling interest’s share of subsequent changes in equity of subsidiaries.    When the consideration transferred by the Group in business combination includes assets or liabilities resulting in a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition date fair value and included as a part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments, are adjusted retrospectively, with corresponding adjustments against goodwill or capital reserve as the case may be.   When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to its acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.   If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amount for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amount are adjusted during the measurement period (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amount recognised at that date.   In consolidated financial statements, acquisition of non-controlling interest is accounted as equity transaction. The carrying amount of the Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.   Business Combination under common control are accounted as per Appendix C in Ind AS 103 - Business combinations, at carrying amount of assets and liabilities acquired and any excess of consideration issued over the net assets acquired is recognised as capital reserve on common control business combination. (t) Acquisition of interest in associate and joint ventures   Acquisition of interest in an associate or a joint venture, is initially recognised at cost. Any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is regarded as goodwill, which is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised in equity as capital reserve in the period in which the investment is acquired.3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: Standards issued but not yet effective:  In March 2019, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs issued the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Amendments) Rules, 2019 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Second Amendment) Rules, 2019 notifying Ind AS 116 - ‘Leases’ and making amendments to various other Ind AS standards viz. Ind AS 12 - ‘Income Taxes’, Ind AS 19 - ‘Employee benefits’, Ind AS 23 - ‘Borrowing Cost’, Ind AS 28 - ‘Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures’, Ind AS 111 - ‘Joint Arrangements’, Ind AS 103 - ‘Business Combinations’ and Ind AS 109 - ‘Financial Instruments’. These amendments are in accordance with the recent amendments made by International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The amendments are effective from accounting periods beginning from 1st April, 2019.  Ind AS 116 – ‘Leases’:  This standard will supersede Ind AS 17 ‘Leases’. It abolishes for lessees the previous classification of leasing agreements as either operating or finance leases. Instead, Ind AS 116 introduces a single lessee accounting model, requiring lessees to recognise assets for right to use assets and lease liability representing its obligation to make lease payments. This means that leases which were previously not reported in the Balance Sheet will have to be reported in subsequent reporting periods. The depreciation expense will include amortisation of right to use asset and finance costs will include interest expense on lease liability. Ind AS 116 also provides exception from recognition of right to use asset and lease liability where lease term is less than 12 months or leases for which underlying asset is of low value. In such cases, lease payments are recognised as an expense over lease term on straight-line basis unless another systematic basis is representative of time pattern of the user’s benefit. The Group is currently assessing the impact of application of Ind AS 116 on the consolidated financial statements.