289288 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)   Vacation ownership			Under	the	vacation	ownership,	holiday	facilities	are	provided	to	members	for	a	specified	period	each	year,	over	a	number	of	years,	for	which membership fee is collected either in full upfront, or on a deferred payment basis.    Revenue from sale of vacation ownership weeks is recognised when related right to use the specific property over the specific week(s) is transferred to the buyer for a consideration.   Income from sale of vacation ownership weeks in villas is recognized when the outcome of a villa project can be estimated reliably. Project revenue and contract costs associated with the contract are recognised as revenue and expenses respectively by reference to the percentage of completion of the project activity at the reporting date.   When it is probable that total contract costs will exceed total contract revenue, the expected loss is recognised as an expense in profit or loss in the period in which such probability occurs.   Revenue from Membership fees   Revenue for membership fees are recognised over the tenure of membership as the performance obligation is fulfilled. The revenue which will be recognised in future periods are disclosed under Contract Liability.   Non refundable admission fee is recognised as income on admission of a member.   Entitlement fee, which entitles the members the vacation ownership facilities over the agreed membership period, are recognized as income equally over the tenure of membership, commencing from the year of admission and disclosed under Contract Liability.    Revenue from Annual subscription fees   Annual subscription fee dues from members are recognized as income on accrual basis and fees pertaining to the period beyond the year end is disclosed under Contract Liability.   Interest income on deferred payment plans    In case of deferred payment plans wherein significant financing components exists in a contract, interest income or expense is recongised over the financing period using the Effective Interest Method. (m) Government Grants   The Group, directly or indirectly through a consortium of group companies, is entitled to various incentives from government authorities in respect of manufacturing units located in developing regions. The Group accounts for its entitlement as income on accrual basis.   Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.   The benefit of a government loan at a below market-rate of interest is treated as government grant and is measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates at the inception of the loan. (n) Employee Benefits   Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund   The Group’s contribution paid / payable during the year to Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund are recognised in profit or loss.   Provident Fund   Contributions to Provident Fund are made to Trusts administered by the Group/Regional Provident Fund Commissioners and are charged to profit or loss as incurred. The Group is liable for the contribution and any shortfall in interest between the amount of interest realised by the investments and the interest payable to members at the rate declared by the Government of India in respect of the Trust administered by the Group companies.    Long term Compensated Absences   The liability towards long term compensated absences are determined by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.   Gratuity, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes   The liability towards gratuity, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes are determined by independent actuaries, using the projected unit credit method. Past services are recognised at the earlier of the plan amendment/curtailment and the recognition of related restructuring costs / termination benefits.   The obligation on long term compensated absences and other defined benefit plan are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using a discount rate that is determined by reference to the market yields at the balance sheet date on government bonds (high quality corporate bonds in case of foreign companies) where the currency and terms of the government bonds are consistent with the currency and estimated terms of the defined benefit obligation.