56COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSMahindra and Ford strengthen ongoing strategic collaborationIn the Financial Year 2017-18, your Company had announced its intent to explore a strategic alliance with Ford Motor Company (“Ford”), to leverage Ford’s global reach and expertise and your Company’s scale in India and its successful operational model during a period of unprecedented transformation in the global automotive industry. To that end the Company had signed several MoUs with Ford which included specific areas of connected vehicle projects, battery electric vehicle, powertrains and product development of mid-size and compact SUVs.In pursuance of the above, your Company and Ford signed definitive agreements for: •  Powertrain sharing: As part of this arrangement, your Company would supply Bharat Stage VI  (BS-VI) compliant gasoline engines to Ford for product programs in India.•  Connected car: As per this agreement, your Company and Ford would jointly develop connected vehicle solutions to be deployed across your Company’s and Ford products.•  Development and supply of SUVs:  This arrangement entails development, manufacturing and supply of a new mid-size SUV on a Mahindra product platform by your Company for Ford.The above agreements are significant steps towards strengthening the ongoing strategic collaboration between your Company and Ford. Mahindra First Choice Services Limited acquires key assets of Carnation Auto (India) Private LimitedDuring this year, Mahindra First Choice Services Limited (“MFCS”), a subsidiary of your Company, had acquired key assets of Carnation Auto (India) Private Limited (“CAPL” or “Carnation”).  This was an asset acquisition under IBC liquidation process (Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code) run by the Official Liquidator of CAPL appointed by an order of National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”). MFCS acquired key assets of Carnation’s car servicing business including the trademark ’Carnation’, its website, software licenses and Carnation’s franchisee workshop network. The asset acquisition does not include the liabilities and past dues. This strategic move will strengthen the MFCS business and further consolidate its leadership position in the Indian Automotive Aftermarket Segment.Divestment in Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel Private LimitedDuring this year, your Company has sold 26,36,401 Equity Shares (22% of the share capital) of Rs. 10 each in Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel Private Limited (“MSSSPL”), a subsidiary of your Company. Pursuant to this transaction, the shareholding of the Company in MSSSPL has come down from 51% to 29% of its share capital. Consequently, MSSSPL ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company. Consideration received from such sale was Rs. 146,32,02,555. Subsequently MSSSPL has further raised capital from its existing shareholders and due to non-subscription to the capital issue of MSSSPL by your Company, the stake of your Company in MSSSPL has further diluted to 22.81%.Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“MVML”) with the CompanySubsequent to the year end, the Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on 29th May, 2019, subject to requisite approvals/consents, approved the Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“MVML”) with the Company and their respective Shareholders (“Scheme”) under the provisions of sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Appointed Date of the Scheme would be 1st April, 2019 and the entire assets and liabilities of MVML would be transferred to and recorded by the Company at book values. The entire share capital of MVML is held by the Company. Upon the Scheme being effective, all shares (preference and equity) held by the Company in MVML as on the Effective Date shall stand cancelled, without any further act or deed.D.INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLSThe Corporate Governance Policies guide the conduct of affairs of your Company and clearly delineates  the roles, responsibilities and authorities at each level of its governance structure and key functionaries involved in governance. The Code of Conduct for Senior Management and Employees of your Company  (the Code of Conduct) commits Management to financial and accounting policies, systems and processes.  The Corporate Governance Policies and the Code of Conduct stand widely communicated across your Company at all times.