Tractor IndustryThe domestic tractor market has a mix of Indian origin and international OEMs and is segmented by horsepower. Industry is typically classied under the following segments < 20HP, 20-30HP, 31- 40HP, 41-50HP and >50HP. Over 80% of tractor sales are in the 31 to 50HP segment.  Over the past six years (F13 to F19), there has been good growth in the >50HP segment as well as the < 20HP segment. The growth in the > 50HP segment is driven by need for tractor versatility and evolution of farming practices especially in case of farmers with large land holdings. The growth in the <20HP segment is a result of increased affordability amongst farmers with small-medium land holding and the growing need for mechanisation. Further, there has been consistent growth in horticulture, leading to growing demand for tractors and specialised mechanisation solutions suitable for orchards, vineyards and other horticulture crops.Demand for tractors is cyclical in nature, and historical data shows that tractor demand in India has grown 7-10% CAGR over every 10-year period, with some exceptions.Consistent with this trend, the domestic tractor industry has grown 10% CAGR in the period F09 to F19. This growth is stemming from good growth in the agri as well as rural economy and the Governments focus on improving the state of agriculture in India.Indian agriculture is characterised by low productivity and a high degree of manual work. At the same time, demand for farm labour is cyclic and there is shortage of farm labour in the peak season. In this scenario, the key to raising farm productivity is to increase the level of mechanisation and improve farming practices. This scenario, coupled with Governments focus on improving the state of agriculture, is creating multiple opportunities in the space of farm mechanisation, dissipation of agri know how and crop specic solutions. These opportunities are being leveraged by both existing industry players and start-ups.Tractor Industry in FY 2019 This is a growth of 8% over the previous year and 54.8% over three years (508,701 units in F16). The F19 growth of 8%, was a moderate growth as compared to the high growth in F17 and F18, where the industry grew by 17.7% and 21.7% respectively. The industry performance for FY19 needs to be reviewed in two parts, the rst ve months (April - August) where the industry had strong growth of 19.7%, and the next seven months (September - March) where the industry growth suddenly slowed down to 1.2%.Strong demand for the period April - August was a result of positive sentiment, especially in rural parts of the country, coming from good economic growth, an outlook of a normal monsoon, good rainfall in June & July, good MSP increases, and availability of affordable nance. The period from September to March saw muted demand due to poor spatial distribution of SW monsoon, a decit NE Monsoon and poor price realization.For the year under review, Uttar Pradesh with a growth of 14.4% retained its No.1 position in tractor sales, while Madhya Pradesh with a growth of 15.7% jumped to No.2 position, from No.3 in FY18. Of the top 10 states that account for 80% of industry, key states of Maharashtra and Telangana which together account for 12.8% of the industry, posted degrowth. Maharashtra was worst affected with a 18.4% degrowth and slipped two positions fromNo. 2 in FY18 to No. 4 in FY19. Rajasthan which accounts for 8.3% of industry, remained at.In Financial Year 2019, the Indian tractor market (the world's largest by volume), scaled a new peak with sales of 787,304 units. 132COMPANYOVERVIEWBOARD’SREPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONAND ANALYSISCORPORATEGOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONEACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATEDACCOUNTS