168COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSThe Committee met five times during the year  under review on 28th May, 2018, 6th August, 2018,  13th November, 2018, 7th February, 2019 and 25th March, 2019. The gap between two Meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:MembersNumber of Meetings attendedMr. T. N. Manoharan (Chairman)5Mr. Nadir B. Godrej5Mr. M. M. Murugappan5Mr. R. K. Kulkarni5B.   Governance, Nomination and Remuneration CommitteeAll Committee Members are Independent Directors including the Chairman. The Members are Mr. M. M. Murugappan (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Nadir B. Godrej, Mr. R. K. Kulkarni and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta. Mr. Anand G. Mahindra and Mr. Rajeev Dubey, Group President (HR & Corporate Services) & CEO (After-Market Sector) are permanent invitees to the Committee.The Committee has been vested with the authority to, inter alia, recommend nominations for Board Membership, develop and recommend policies with respect to composition of the Board commensurate with the size, nature of the business and operations of the Company, establish criteria for selection to the Board with respect to the competencies, qualifications, experience, track record, integrity, establish Director retirement policies and appropriate succession plans and determine overall compensation policies of the Company.The Committee also administers the Company’s Employee Stock Option Schemes formulated from time to time including “Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Employees’ Stock Option Scheme – 2000”, “Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme – 2010” and take appropriate decisions in terms of the concerned Scheme(s).During the year under review, the terms of reference of this Committee have been aligned with the changes made in the Listing Regulations based on the recommendations of the Uday Kotak Committee. The terms of reference are also in line with the regulatory requirements mandated in the Act.  The scope of the Committee also includes review of market practices and deciding on remuneration packages applicable to the Chairman, Managing Director, the Executive Director(s), Group Presidents and other Members of Senior Management as may be decided from time to time (including the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary).In addition to the above, the Committee’s role includes identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior Management in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommending to the Board their appointment and removal and carrying out evaluation of every Director’s performance.The Committee has also formulated the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director and recommended to the Board a Policy relating to the remuneration for the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.The Committee carries out a separate exercise to evaluate the performance of Individual Directors. Feedback is sought by way of structured questionnaires covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its Committees, Board culture, execution and performance of specific duties, obligations and governance. The Board also evaluated fulfilment of the criteria of Independence by the Independent Directors as set out in the  Listing Regulations and their independence  from the Management. The performance evaluation is carried out based on the responses received from  the Directors. The performance evaluation of Independent Directors were based on various criteria, inter alia, including attendance at Board and Committee Meetings, skill, experience, ability to challenge views of others in a constructive manner, knowledge acquired with regard to the Company’s business, understanding of industry and global trends, etc. During the year under review, the Committee ascertained and reconfirmed that the deployment of “questionnaire” as a methodology, is effective for evaluation of performance of Board and Committees and Individual Directors.The Committee is also empowered to opine, in respect of the services rendered by a Director in professional capacity, whether such Director possesses requisite qualification for the practice of the profession.As per section 178(7) of the Act and Secretarial Standards, the Chairman of the Committee or, in his absence, any other Member of the Committee authorised by him in this behalf shall attend the General Meetings of the Company. The Chairman of the Committee, Mr. M. M. Murugappan was present at the 72nd AGM of the Company held on 7th August, 2018.