MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED15  Ms. Shikha Sharma has completed 60 years of age. Ms. Shikha Sharma is on the Board of Dr Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, Ambuja Cements Limited and Tata Global Beverages Limited. She is also an advisor to KKR & Co. Inc., and a member of Board of Governors of IIM, Lucknow and Advisory Board of Bridgespan.  Ms. Shikha Sharma is a Member of the following Board Committees:Sr. No.Name of the CompanyName of the CommitteePosition held1.Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories LimitedAudit CommitteeMemberRisk Management CommitteeMember2.Ambuja Cements LimitedAudit CommitteeMember  Ms. Shikha Sharma does not hold any Ordinary (Equity) Shares in the Company. Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma would be entitled to sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees thereof. In addition, they would be entitled to commission as determined each year by the Board of Directors within the limits approved by the Members of the Company for the Non-Executive Directors of the Company.Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma are not disqualified from being appointed as Directors in terms of section 164 of the Act and have given their consents to act as a Director. The Company has received  declarations from Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma stating that they meet with the criteria of independence as prescribed under sub-section (6) of section 149 of the Act and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma are not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any Order issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any other authority. In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma, fulfil the conditions for appointment as Independent Directors as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations. Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma are independent of the management. Copies of the draft letters of appointment of Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma setting out terms and conditions of appointment are available for inspection by the Members in physical or electronic form at the Registered Office of the Company between 10.00 a.m. to 12.00 noon, on all working days (except Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays), up to the date of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and copies thereof shall also be made available for inspection in physical or electronic form at the Corporate Office of the Company situated at Mahindra Towers, 5th Floor, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 018 as well as during the AGM at the venue thereof.The Board is of the view that Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma’s knowledge and experience will be of immense benefit and value to the Company and, therefore, recommends their appointment to the Members.Save and except Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma, and their relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolutions set out at Item Nos.  9 and 10 of the Notice. None of the Directors and KMP of the Company are inter-se related to each other.The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolutions set out at Item Nos. 9 and 10 of the Notice for approval of the Members.By Order of the BoardNARAYAN SHANKARCompany SecretaryRegistered Office:Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder,Mumbai – 400 001.CIN : L65990MH1945PLC004558e-mail : investors@mahindra.comWebsite : https://www.mahindra.comTel. : +91 22 22895500Fax : +91 22 22875485Mumbai, 12th June, 2019