211210 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSWith reference to the Annexure A referred to in the Independent Auditors’ report to the members of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited  (‘the Company’) on the standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2019, we report the following:i. (a) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of fixed assets.  (b)  The Company has a programme of physical verification of its fixed assets by which all fixed assets are verified once in three years, pursuant to which the fixed assets were physically verified in the financial year ended 31 March 2019. For fixed assets lying with third parties at the year-end, written confirmations have been obtained. No material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.  All discrepancies have been dealt with in the books of account.  (c)  With respect to immovable properties of acquired land and buildings that are freehold, according to the information and explanations given to us and the records examined by us and based on the examination of the registered sale deed / transfer deed / conveyance deed/court orders approving schemes of arrangements / amalgamations provided to us, we report that, the title deeds of such immovable properties are held in the name of the Company as at the Balance Sheet date.ii.  The inventory has been physically verified by the management at reasonable intervals during the year. In our opinion, the frequency of such verification is reasonable. The discrepancies noticed on verification between the physical stocks and the book records were not material and have been suitably adjusted in the books of accounts.iii.  The Company has not granted any loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or other parties  covered in the register maintained under Section 189 of the Act. Accordingly, paragraphs 3 (iii) of the Order are not applicable to  the Company.iv.  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures conducted by us, the Company has complied with provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), with respect to granting of loans, making investment and providing guarantees and securities.v.  According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposit during the year and accordingly the compliance with Section 73 and 76 of the Act is not applicable. In respect of unclaimed deposits, the Company has complied with the provisions of Sections 74 and 75 or any other relevant provisions of the Act. According to the information and explanations given to us, no order has been passed by the Company Law Board or the National Company Law Tribunal or the Reserve Bank of India or any Court or any other Tribunal on the Company. vi.  We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules prescribed by the Central Government for the maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act and are of the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained.vii. (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, amounts deducted / accrued in the books of account in respect of undisputed statutory dues including Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income tax, Duty of Customs, Duty of Excise, Cess, Goods and Service Tax and other material statutory dues have been generally regularly deposited during the period by the Company with the appropriate authorities. According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income tax, Duty of Customs, Duty of Excise, Cess, Goods and Service Tax and other material statutory dues that have remained outstanding for more than six months from the date it became payable. (b)  According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no dues of Income tax, Sales tax, service tax, Duty of Customs, Duty of Excise, Valued added tax, Goods and Service Tax and other material statutory dues which have not been deposited with the appropriate authorities on account of any dispute, except for the following:Name of the Statute Nature of DuesAmount  (Rs. In crores)Period to which the amount relatesForum where dispute is pendingIncome Tax Act, 1961Income tax282.26AY 2009-10 to AY 2013-14Income Tax Appellate Tribunal0.07AY 2000-01 to AY 2001-02 Commissioner of Income tax (Appeals)Central Excise Act, 1944Duty of Excise4.902005-2012High Court943.151991-2015Appellate Authority-Tribunal Level2.621995-2017Appellate Authority-CommissionerAnnexure A to the Independent Auditors’ report on the standalone financial statements of  Mahindra & Mahindra Limited for the year ended 31 March 2019