MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED5 II.  Members are requested to note that the Company is providing facility for remote e-voting and the business may be transacted through electronic voting system. It is hereby clarified that it is not mandatory for a Member to vote using the remote e-voting facility. A Member may avail of the facility at his/her/its discretion, as per the instructions provided herein:  Instructions:  A.  In case a Member receives an e-mail from Karvy [for Members whose e-mail IDs are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s)] which includes details of E-Voting Event Number (EVEN), USER ID and password:   (i)  Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://evoting.karvy.com   (ii)  Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and password). In case of physical folio, User ID will be EVEN followed by folio number. In case of Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID and Client ID. However, if you are already registered with Karvy for e-voting, you can login by using your existing User ID and password for casting your vote.   (iii)  After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”.   (iv)  You will now reach password change Menu wherein you are required to mandatorily change your password. The new password shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case (A-Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a special character (@,#,$, etc.). The system will prompt you to change your password and update your contact details like mobile number, email ID etc. on first login. You may also enter a secret question and answer of your choice to retrieve your password in case you forget it. It is strongly recommended that you do not share your password with any other person and that you take utmost care to keep your password confidential.   (v)  You need to login again with the new credentials.   (vi)  On successful login, the system will prompt you to select the “EVENT” i.e. Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.   (vii)  On the voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on the cut-off Date under “FOR/AGAINST” or alternatively, you may partially enter any number in “FOR” and partially “AGAINST” but the total number in “FOR/AGAINST” taken together shall not exceed your total shareholding as on the cut-off date. You may also choose the option ABSTAIN. If the Member does not indicate either “FOR” or “AGAINST” it will be treated as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be counted under either head.   (viii)  Voting has to be done for each item of the notice separately. In case you do not desire to cast your vote on any specific item, it will be treated as abstained.   (ix)  Members holding multiple folios/ demat accounts shall vote separately for each folio/demat account.   (x)  You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “Submit”.   (xi)  A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you have voted on the resolution(s), you will not be allowed to modify your vote.   (xii)  Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned certified true copy (PDF Format) of the Board Resolution/Authority Letter etc., together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s), to the Scrutiniser at e-mail ID sbhagwatcs@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@karvy.com. The scanned image of the above mentioned documents should be in the naming format “Corporate Name_EVEN”.     If the authorized representative intends to vote through remote e-voting, the certified true copy (PDF Format) of the Board Resolution/Authority Letter etc., together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s) should reach the Scrutiniser not later than Tuesday, 6th August, 2019 (5:00 p.m. IST). In case if the authorized representative attends 