MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED4The Shareholders whose dividend/shares is/will be transferred to the IEPF Authority can claim the same from the IEPF Authority by following the procedure as detailed on the website of IEPF Authority http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.htmlI.  Members can avail of the facility of nomination in respect of shares held by them in physical form pursuant to the provisions of section 72 of the Act. Members desiring to avail of this facility may send their nomination in the prescribed Form No. SH-13 duly filled in to Karvy at the above mentioned address. Members holding shares in electronic form may contact their respective Depository Participants for availing this facility.J.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has made it mandatory for all companies to use the bank account details furnished by the Depositories and the bank account details maintained by the Registrar and Transfer Agents for payment of dividend to Members electronically. The Company has extended the facility of electronic credit of dividend directly to the respective bank accounts of the Member(s) through the Electronic Clearing Service (ECS)/National Electronic Clearing Service (NECS)/Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS)/Direct Credit, etc.  As directed by SEBI, the Members holding shares in physical form are requested to submit particulars of their bank account alongwith the original cancelled cheque bearing the name of the Member to Karvy/Company to update their Bank Account details.  Members holding shares in demat form are requested to update their Bank Account details with their respective Depository Participant. The Company or Karvy cannot act on any request received directly from the Members holding shares in demat form for any change of bank particulars. Such changes are to be intimated only to the Depository Participants of the Members. Further, instructions, if any, already given by them in respect of shares held in physical form will not be automatically applicable to shares held in the electronic mode.K.  SEBI has vide its Notifications dated 8th June, 2018 and 30th November, 2018 mandated that securities of listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialised form from 1st April, 2019. In view of the above and to avail various benefits of dematerialisation, Members are advised to dematerialise the shares held by them in physical form. L.  Pursuant to sections 101 and 136 of the Act read with the Rules framed thereunder, the Notice calling the Annual General Meeting along with the Annual Report 2018-19 would be sent by electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Depository or the Company/Karvy, unless the Members have requested for a physical copy of the same. For Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses, physical copies would be sent by the permitted mode.  Members are requested to support this Green Initiative by registering/updating their e-mail addresses with the Depository Participant (in case of Shares held in dematerialised form) or with Karvy (in case of Shares held in physical form).M. Members are requested to: (a)  intimate to Karvy, changes, if any, in their registered addresses at an early date, in case of Shares held in physical form; (b)  intimate to the respective Depository Participant, changes, if any, in their registered addresses at an early date, in case of Shares held in dematerialised form; (c)  quote their folio numbers/Client ID/DP ID in all correspondence;  (d)  consolidate their holdings into one folio in case they hold Shares under multiple folios in the identical order of names; and  (e)  register their Permanent Account Number (PAN) with their Depository Participants, in case of Shares held in dematerialised form and Karvy/Company, in case of Shares held in physical form, as directed by SEBI.N.  Members are requested to bring their copy of the Annual Report to the Annual General Meeting.O.  Members/Proxies/Representatives are requested to bring the Attendance Slip enclosed in the Annual Report for attending the Meeting. P.  Mr. Sachin Bhagwat, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. ACS 10189) has been appointed as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.Q. PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING I.  In compliance with the provisions of section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended and the provisions of Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Members are provided with the facility to cast their vote electronically, through the e-voting services provided by Karvy on all resolutions set forth in this Notice, through remote e-voting.