57 Your Company’s Financial Statements are prepared on the basis of the Significant Accounting Policies that are carefully selected by Management and approved by the Audit Committee and the Board. These Accounting policies are reviewed and updated from time to time.Your Company uses SAP ERP Systems as a business enabler and to maintain its Books of Account. The transactional controls built into the SAP ERP systems ensure appropriate segregation of duties, appropriate level of approval mechanisms and maintenance of supporting records. The Information Management Policy reinforces the control environment. The systems, Standard Operating Procedures and controls are reviewed by Management. These systems and controls are audited by Internal Audit and their findings and recommendations are reviewed by the Audit Committee which ensures the implementation.Your Company has in place adequate internal financial controls with reference to the Financial Statements commensurate with the size, scale and complexity of  its operations. Your Company’s Internal Financial Controls were deployed through Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee  of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway  Commission (COSO), that addresses material risks in  your Company’s operations and financial reporting objectives.Such controls have been assessed during the year under review taking into consideration the essential components of internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Based on the results of such assessments carried out by Management, no reportable material weakness or significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal financial controls was observed.Your Company recognises Internal Financial Controls cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial, operational and compliance reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Also, projections of any evaluation of the Internal Financial Controls to future periods are subject to the risk that the Internal Financial Control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, regular audits and review processes ensure that such systems are reinforced on an ongoing basis.E.MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORTA detailed analysis of your Company’s performance is discussed in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.F.CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIESAll Related Party Transactions entered during the year were in the ordinary course of business and on arms length basis. During the year under review, your Company had entered into Material Related Party Transactions, i.e. transactions exceeding ten percent of the annual consolidated turnover as per the last audited financial statements, with Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of your Company. These transactions too were in the ordinary course of business of your Company and were on arms length basis, details of which, as required to be provided under section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013 are disclosed in Form AOC-2 as Annexure II and forms part of this Annual Report.The Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions as approved by the Board is uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at  the Web-link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zipG.AUDITORSStatutory Auditors and Auditors’ ReportMessrs B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration Number 101248W/W-100022) were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office for a term of 5 years from the conclusion of the 71st Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on  4th August, 2017 until the conclusion of the 76th AGM of the Company to be held in the year 2022.The Auditors’ Report is unmodified i.e. it does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer.Secretarial AuditorPursuant to the provisions of section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company has appointed Mr. Sachin Bhagwat, Practicing Company Secretary (Certificate of Practice Number: 6029) to undertake the Secretarial Audit of the Company.