60COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSgrow in strength. Some examples of the programs put in place include ‘Rise for Associates’, industrial relations skills for frontline officers, cultural diagnostics projects, transformational work culture projects, e-compliance, e-portal for reward and recognition of associates and Code of Conduct for associates. The Transformational Work Culture Committee (TWCC) leads the design and implementation of these programs.With the objective of developing skills and fostering togetherness at the workplace, your Company implements multiple training and engagement programs on an ongoing basis. These include positive attitude, stress management, creativity, team effectiveness, safety and environment, quality tools, TPM, skill building programs, customer focus and a program for union leadership development. The Mahindra Skill Excellence initiative is a holistic approach to enhance the skill and capabilities of shop floor associates and has received good participation across manufacturing facilities. As a result of this effort, associates from your Company have participated at various international skill competitions which include Beijing Arc Cup and Euroskills 2018. At the Beijing Arc Cup, a female associate from your Company was awarded as ‘Outstanding Female Welder’.In an endeavor to improve quality, reduce cost, ensure safety and improve productivity, your Company’s shop floor associates generated on an average 18 ideas per person.Significant emphasis was also laid towards raising awareness on health and wellness of employees through annual medical check-ups, health awareness activities. Diet food has become a way of life over the past three years. Your Company maintains an ‘Employee Health Index’ at an individual level and this has been a useful tool in identifying employees who require focused counselling and monitoring. Proactive and employee-centric shop floor practices, a focus on transparent communication of business goals, an effective concern resolution mechanism, and a firm belief that employees are the most valuable assets of the Company, are the cornerstone of your Company’s employee relations approach. An ‘open door policy’ with constant dialogue to create win-win situations, have helped your Company build trust and harmony.The industrial relations scenario continued to be largely positive across all the manufacturing locations. Bonus settlements were amicably agreed upon at all locations. In a span of 16 months (September, 2017 to March, 2019), nine wage settlements with various Unions were amicably concluded with an overall productivity rise ranging from 10% to 15%. The sustained efforts towards building a transformational work culture resulted in zero production loss in the Financial Year 2018-19 and helped create a collaborative, healthy and productive work environment. Safety, Occupational Health and EnvironmentDuring the year under review, your Company revised its Safety, Occupational Health & Environment (SOH&E) Policy. The leadership’s commitment towards SOH&E, is demonstrated through inclusion of many new compliances along with its voluntary commitments. Implementation of various initiatives under the policy and achievement to set objectives were assessed through management reviews.At each Plant location, annual events were organised and commemorated like Road Safety Week, National Safety Day/ Month, Fire Service Week. Awareness programs were conducted for all stakeholders through classroom sessions and e-learning modules. To strengthen the safety culture, Behaviour Based Safety (BBS) - Level 2 is being implemented at all Plants.Your Company carried out statutory safety audits, Fire Equipment Audit, Risk Assessment of Licensed premises, as per the amended legal requirements. For the year under review, your Company achieved substantial reduction in the fire load by way of installation of modern equipment in critical areas and relocation of flammable material as appropriate. In line with the ‘Go Green’ philosophy, your Company is continuously adopting new techniques to eliminate and minimize the environmental impact. Various projects have been implemented by your Company in air, water-waste water management and solid waste management. These initiatives are also extended to the supplier community of your Company. During the year under review, your Company signed agreements with Extended Producer Responsibility Organizations (EPRO) recognized by Pollution Control Boards for 100% integral Plastic Waste Management. These agreements include the plastic waste generated at premises of suppliers and dealers of your Company.Your Company continued the commitment to improve the wellbeing of employees and contract associates through various activities under project ‘Parivartan’. This 