225224 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS   The Company designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives in respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments are accounted for as cash flow hedges.   At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Company documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Company documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.   Changes in fair value of the designated portion of derivatives that qualify as fair value hedges are recognised in profit or loss immediately, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk.   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the profit or loss.   Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity relating to (effective portion as described above) are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss.   Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.  Impairment of financial assets   The Company applies the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for recognising impairment loss on financial assets. With respect to trade receivables and loans, the Company measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses.    Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the assets. For debt securities at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and is not reduced from the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance sheet.    The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write- off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities under the Company’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss. (l) Revenue Recognition   Effective 01 April 2018, Ind AS 115 – ’Revenue from contracts with customers’ has replaced Ind AS 18 – ‘Revenue’ and Ind AS 11 – ‘Construction contracts’. The Company has applied Ind AS 115 – ‘Revenue from Contracts with customers’ (“hereinafter referred to as  Ind AS 115”) effective from 01 April 2018, using modified retrospective approach for the purpose of transition. Accordingly, comparatives for the previous period have not been restated. The application of Ind AS 115 did not have any material impact on the financial results of the Company.   Ind AS 115 specifies a uniform, five-step model for revenue recognition, which is generally to be applied to all contracts with customers. Amounts disclosed as revenue are inclusive of excise duty, in respect of revenue up to 30th June 2017, and net of customer returns, trade allowance, rebates, value added and other indirect taxes and amount collected on behalf of third parties.   Sale of goods   The Company recognizes revenue from sale of goods measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, upon satisfaction of performance obligation which is at a point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods. Depending on the terms of the contract, which differs from contract to contract, the goods are sold on a reasonable credit term.  As per the terms of the contract, consideration that is variable, according to Ind AS 115, is estimated at contract inception and updated thereafter at each reporting date or until crystallisation of the amount.  Sale of services  Sale of services are recognised on satisfaction of performance obligation towards rendering of such services.  Dividend and interest income  Dividend from investments are recognised in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.   Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably.  (m) Government Grants   The Company, directly or indirectly through a consortium of Mahindra Group Companies, is entitled  to  various  incentives from government authorities in respect of manufacturing units located in developing regions. The Company accounts for its entitlement as income on accrual basis.2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)