MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED7meeting hall. Alternatively, to facilitate hassle free and quick registration/entry at the venue of the AGM, the Company has provided a Web Check-in facility through Karvy’s website. Web Check-in on the Karvy’s website enables the Members to register attendance online in advance and generate Attendance Slip without going through the registration formalities at the registration counters. Procedure of Web Check-in is as under: a.  Log on to https://karisma.karvy.com and click on “Web Check-in for General Meetings (AGM/EGM/CCM)”. b.  Select the name of the Company: Mahindra and Mahindra Limited. c.  Pass through the security credentials viz., DP ID/Client ID/Folio no. entry, PAN & “CAPTCHA” as directed by the system and click on the submission button. d.  The system will validate the credentials. Then click on the “Generate my attendance slip” button that appears on the screen. e.  The attendance slip in PDF format will appear on the screen. Select the “PRINT” option for direct printing or download and save for the printing. f.  A separate counter will be available for the online registered Members at the AGM Venue for faster and hassle free entry and to avoid standing in the queue. g.  After registration, a copy will be returned to the Member. h.  The Web Check-in (Online Registration facility) is available for AGM during remote e-voting period only i.e. from Friday, 2nd August, 2019 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Tuesday, 6th August, 2019 (5:00 p.m. IST). The Members are requested to carry their valid photo identity along with the above attendance slip for verification purpose.T.  Webcast:  Your Company will be providing the facility of live webcast of proceedings of AGM. Members who are entitled to participate in the AGM can view the proceeding of AGM by logging on the e-voting website of Karvy at https://evoting.karvy.com using their secure login credentials. Members are encouraged to use this facility of webcast.  During the live webcast of AGM, Members may post their queries in the message box provided on the screen.U.  The results shall be declared not later than forty-eight hours from conclusion of the Meeting. The results declared along with the Scrutiniser’s Report will be placed on the website of the Company at https://www.mahindra.com and the website of Karvy: https://evoting.karvy.com immediately after the results are declared and will simultaneously be forwarded to BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, where Equity Shares of the Company are listed and shall be displayed at the Registered Office as well as at the Corporate Office of the Company.V. KPRISM – Mobile service application by Karvy:  Members are requested to note that Karvy has launched a mobile application – KPRISM and a website https://kprism.karvy.com for online service to Shareholders.  Members can download the mobile application, register themselves (one time) for availing host of services viz., view of consolidated portfolio serviced by Karvy, Dividend status, requests for change of address, change/update Bank Mandate. Through the Mobile application, Members can download Annual Reports, standard forms and keep track of upcoming General Meetings and dividend disbursements. The mobile application is available for download from Android Play Store. Members may alternatively visit the link https://kprism.karvy.com/app/ to download the mobile application.W.  The route map of the venue of the Meeting is given in the Notice. The prominent landmark for the venue is that it is ’next to Bombay Hospital‘.By Order of the BoardNARAYAN SHANKARCompany SecretaryRegistered Office:Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder,Mumbai – 400 001.CIN : L65990MH1945PLC004558e-mail : investors@mahindra.comWebsite : https://www.mahindra.comTel. : +91 22 22895500Fax : +91 22 22875485Mumbai, 12th June, 2019