193 sustainable. Almost entire sourcing work is done from the country with a very small percentage of input being procured from overseas.   The Company has Green Supply Chain Management Policy and a Supplier Code of Conduct, which has been shared with all suppliers, under which, the Company is committed to improve the awareness with regard to legal compliances, enhance eco-efficiencies, employee health and safety initiatives etc. at supplier end through initiatives such as Supplier Business Capability Building (SBCB), Mahindra Supplier Evaluation Standard (MSES), Mass Manufacturing Approval (MMA) & Supply Risk Mitigation & Management (SRMM). Continuous engagement with suppliers is ensured through supplier meets, business reviews, multiple training sessions & two-way interactive M SETU Platform. To motivate the suppliers to take the Sustainability agenda forward, good practices at supplier end are recognized, by institutionalizing “Annual Sustainability Award”.  As regards Swaraj Division, most of the suppliers are now in implementation phase to make logistic sustainable & trying to use returnable bins in place of wooden & corrugation boxes as alternate source with a plan to reduce Corrugation Boxes by 60% by F20 and make wooden packing zero4.  Has the Company taken any steps to procure goods and services from local & small producers, including communities surrounding their place of work? If yes, what steps have been taken to improve their capacity and capability of local and small vendors?   Yes. The Company has a practice of purchasing goods and services from local suppliers. The Company does not have any small suppliers where the owner himself or herself is a worker. The Company has multiple plants spread across West, South and North of India. The major factors influencing selection of Suppliers across these regions are: • Capability, performance and on-time delivery. •  Compliance on environment, health & safety guidelines. •  Readiness to participate in sustainable supply chain management program. • Total cost.  The purchasing group has a standard practice of sharing its annual plans and next two year’s tentative plans with its key suppliers through communication meets and supplier business reviews. These suppliers are provided with managerial and technical assistance to train them on practices and procedures that will ensure improvements in Productivity, Quality, Cost, Delivery, Safety and Moral (PQCDSM). This is done by initiatives like Supplier Business Capability Building (SBCB), Mahindra Supplier Evaluation Standard (MSES), Technical Capability Building programs, Supply Risk Mitigation & Management (SRMM), Safety Training & assessments and technical support for special processes during new product developments, VAVE activities along with Associate Value Specialist Program for suppliers, etc. The Company has special focus on creating supplier parks near the plants for e.g. Chakan Supplier Park and Zaheerabad Supplier Park. The Company has a continued focus on buying from local suppliers, geographically nearest to the Company’s manufacturing facility. Almost entire sourcing is done within the country with a very small percentage of input being procured from overseas.5.  Does the company have a mechanism to recycle products and waste? If yes what is the percentage of recycling of products and waste (separately as <5%, 5-10%, >10%). Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.  It is the Company’s ongoing endeavour to have a mechanism to recycle products and limit the waste arising out of production of vehicles and tractors. The Company has initiated well documented processes to ensure compliance with the European Union Directive 2005/64/EC which is now implemented for vehicles exported to European Union. Our objective is to restrict the amount of waste produced from End of Life of vehicles (ELVs) and increase the recovery and recycling of ELVs that arise. The information on recyclable parts and manual for dismantling is provided with export vehicles. We follow the ISO 22628:2002, to calculate the recyclability rate, the recoverability rate and reusability rate (RRR) of our export vehicles. We have 5 models complying with the European Union Directive 2005/64/EC norms on recyclability. The Company is actively participating in the committee formed by Society of Indian Automotive Manufacturers (SIAM) to frame processes and procedures for Product Recycling in India. At present, the batteries used in vehicles are recycled in a structured manner through the battery manufacturing companies in India. Similarly other parts such as tyres, body components, etc. are recycled in an unstructured manner through licensed 