198COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS g)  Integrated Watershed Management Project (IWMP) – A public private partnership with the Government of Madhya Pradesh at Bhopal and National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) at Hatta, for Soil & Water Conservation, Productivity Enhancement and Livelihood Generation interventions.  h)  Wardha Farmer Family Project (WFFP) – The project aims to create a comprehensive agrarian solution that will deliver sustainable local nutritional security and assured prosperity to the farmer families in three blocks of Wardha district, Maharashtra.  i)  BAJA: Training undergraduate engineering students in automotive engineering thereby enabling them to get jobs in the automobile industry.  j)  A World In Motion (AWIM): Training Class V & VI students in mechanical automobile concepts for building vehicles for road and water.  k)  Environment, Health & Safety Plus Centre (EHS+): The EHS+ Centre aims to expand the pool of EHS and sustainability professionals working in factories, by providing affordable, state of art, training designed to improve workers and organizations health and safety conditions along with saving energy. These trainings focus on increasing resource efficiency, enhancing gender equity and empowerment, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions.  l)  Rise for Safe Roads: First of its kind in India, the ‘Road Safety’ project aims to make the Mumbai Pune Expressway a near ‘Zero Fatality Corridor’ by 2021. Interventions under 4E’s are conducted i.e. Engineering, Enforcement, Education and Emergency Response. In addition, efforts are made to train long haul truck drivers through the Anticipatory Driving and Action Prevention Training (ADAPT™) program.  m)  Village Social Transformation Mission: A path breaking public- private partnership, between the Government of Maharashtra and India’s leading corporates and philanthropic organisations, to plug developmental  gaps in 1000 least developed villages in Maharashtra.  n)  Employee Social Options (ESOPs): The Company’s ESOPs programme supports employees in creating volunteering projects based on the needs of underprivileged communities in and around their places of work. 2.  Are the programmes/projects undertaken through in-house team/own foundation/external NGO/government structures/any other organization?   CSR initiatives are implemented either directly by the Company through its ESOPs structure where the Mahindra employees directly implement the CSR programmes or through implementing partners which include NGOs having an established track record of at least 3 years in carrying on the specific activity. The main implementation partners the Company works with are the Mahindra Foundation, The K C Mahindra Education Trust, Tech Mahindra Foundation and Naandi Foundation. 3.  Have you done any impact assessment of your initiative?   Impact assessment studies were conducted by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited to measure the impact of the following 3 CSR projects.:  •  Watershed Management Program at Hatta (Damoh) Madhya Pradesh: The project is in partnership with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD).  •  Project Prayas: The project works with children and people living with HIV/AIDS with an objective of creating awareness and reducing stigma, providing health, nutrition, psychosocial and rehabilitation of persons living with HIV/AIDS.  •  Project Bandhan: Address the issue of maternal and new born care while targeting pregnant women, infants and adolescent on institutional deliveries and medical support.    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited is completing the analysis and will be submitting the final report by July 2019. 4.  What is your company’s direct contribution to community development projects - Amount in INR and the details of the projects undertaken?   The Company’s contribution to community development projects amounts to approximately Rs.93.50 crores during the Financial Year 2018-19. Details of some of the major initiatives the Company has invested in the financial year (F-19) are given in Point 1 above. 