195 project being scalable and sustainable has resulted in replication at Bhopal and Hatta in Madhya Pradesh. The Damoh project has been completed and handed over to the government. This project was implemented in 32 villages over 9,660 hectares of land and covering 4,219 households thereby benefiting 21,095 people. There were three main interventions of the project 1) Soil & Water Conservation, 2) Productivity Enhancement and 3) Livelihood Generation. The project resulted in 1) Ground Water availability 6.2 meters against the baseline of 8 meters. 2) An average percentage increase of income from agriculture by 339% over the baseline 3) An average percentage increase of household income by 363% over the baseline.   This project at Bhopal follows the similar PPP model with the Government of Madhya Pradesh. Being implemented in 35 villages that is spread over 10,760 hectares of land covering 6,673 households benefiting 34,228 people. And at Hatta, the project is on a 50-50% partnership with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). Being implemented in 13 villages that is spread over 4,816 hectares of land covering 1,613 households benefiting 6,884 people. All three programs follow the ‘Ridge to Valley’ watershed treatment model. A Watershed plan is created for each village based on a thorough examination of the village geography. Factors considered in the situational analysis include topography, existing watershed structures, rain water drainage routes, existing storage tanks, irrigation channels, etc. Each village gets a combination of watershed structures that work in unison to achieve the final overall output. Along with increasing water availability, simultaneous work on implementing ‘best in class farming package of practices’ is also done. Handholding of farmers during the entire crop cycle results in sustainable benefits of increased crop production and enhanced income. Self Help Groups (SHGs) for livelihood generation are also formed in close co-ordination with the village councils resulting in the generation of additional income avenues.  The Company has entered into a ‘Agroforestry Livelihood Generation Programme’ at Araku Valley. The Agroforestry project is regenerating the lost green cover through plantation of indigenous species and at the same time generating livelihood opportunities by planting fruit bearing trees for the tribal population staying in the valley to earn income from. The programme is in its phase 2 in which entire tree plantation is done by the NGO partner Naandi Foundation.   Further details of community development initiatives are given in Principle 8. Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights 1.  Does the policy of the company on human rights cover only the company or extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/Others?   The Business Responsibility Policy covers the aspects on Human Rights for the Company. Human Rights issues are a part of the supplier selection process and are also included in the contracts drawn up with them. The Company has put in place a Whistleblower Helpline managed by an external agency to ensure that any violations to its Code of Conduct (including violation of Human rights) are addressed objectively. Besides this, through various awareness sessions, various stake holders like contractors, security personnel, Associates are sensitized and this helps to promote adherence on Human Rights aspects.2.  How many stakeholder complaints have been received in the past financial year and what percent was satisfactorily resolved by the management?  10 Complaints have been received through the Whistleblower Helpline. 2 were received by the Chairman of the Audit Committee. All received complaints have been investigated and resolved.  There is an active and a well-defined four step Grievance Redressal Machinery available at each plant for workmen through which all types of grievances are redressed. Additionally, Employee Satisfaction Survey for workmen is periodically carried out and all low scoring responses are discussed in Focused Group Meetings and duly resolved. Although there is no process to separately maintain records for grievances related to Human Rights, the above stated mechanism adequately addresses this issue. There is a mechanism for all employees of Automotive and Farm Sectors to voice their concerns to the Sector President through a ‘Reach-out’ mailbox which is addressed with confidentiality. Besides, in order to address the Human Rights violation in specific for blue collared workmen (Permanent & Flexible workforce), a Grievance Register has been kept at Time Office to raise concerns. However, no complaints have been received or reported for the reporting year.