223222 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS   Debt investment at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income under effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.   For equity investments, the Company makes an election on an instrument-by-instrument basis to designate equity investments as measured at FVTOCI. These elected investments are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the reserves. The cumulative gain or loss is not reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the investments. These investments in equity are not held for trading. Instead, they are held for medium or long-term strategic purpose. Upon the application of Ind AS 109, the Company has chosen to designate these investments as at FVTOCI as the Company believes that this provides a more meaningful presentation for medium or long-term strategic investments, than reflecting changes in fair value immediately in profit or loss. Dividend income received on such equity investments are recognised in profit or loss.    Equity investments that are not designated to be measured at FVTOCI are designated to be measured at FVTPL. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss.  Financial liabilities and equity instruments   Debt and equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.  Equity instruments   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company is recognised at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable transaction costs.  Financial liabilities   Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading or it is a derivative (that does not meet hedge accounting requirements) or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in  profit or loss.   Derecognition of financial assets   The Company derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to  control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for the amount it may have to pay.   If the Company enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised on its balance sheet, but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets, the transferred assets are not derecognised and the proceeds received are recognised as a collateralised borrowing.  Offsetting   Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the balance sheet when, and only when, the Company currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.  Financial guarantee contracts   A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.   Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company are initially measured at their fair values and, if not designated as at FVTPL,  are subsequently measured at the higher of:		•	the	amount	of	loss	allowance	determined	in	accordance	with	impairment	requirements	of	Ind	AS	109;	and		•		the	amount	initially	recognised	less,	when	appropriate,	the	cumulative	amount	of	income	recognised	in	accordance	with	the	principles of Ind AS 115.  Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting   The Company enters into derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate swaps, to manage its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of Ind AS 109 are treated as separate derivatives when their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their  fair value at the end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedging relationship and the nature of the hedged item.2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)