199 5.  Have you taken steps to ensure that this community development initiative is successfully adopted by the community? Please explain in 50 words, or so.   Where we implement CSR projects, we ensure that the initiative is successfully adopted and owned by the community. Below are four examples of the same:  a)  PROJECT NANHI KALI provides educational support to underprivileged girls in India. The intervention provides 2 hours of daily academic support after school and an annual school supplies kit including feminine hygiene material, thereby allowing every girl in the project to attend school with dignity. In F19, the project supported the education of 1,65,291 girls. Of these 66,348 girls were supported by the Mahindra Group of which 18,974 girls were supported by M&M Ltd. The balance girls were supported by individuals and other corporates. When the project is introduced in a new area, a ‘Village Education Committee’ is set up comprising of influential community members including members of panchayat, local education authorities, school administration, village elders etc. who sensitise the parents and community on the importance of girls’ education in particular, and other gender related issues. Further, Nanhi Kali afterschool academic support classes are conducted by ‘Community Associates’ who are locally hired resources trained by the programs National Resource Group. The NStar centres for adolescent girls are in the community & a household screening is done to map the girls in the area who are then enrolled at the centre. The centre champions who run the centre are local recruits from the community and this plays a major role in the community’s acceptance of the centre.  b)  INTEGRATED WATERSHED MANAGEMENT PROJECT (IWMP) – The project is a Public Private Partnership (PPP) with Government of Madhya Pradesh at Bhopal and with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) at Hatta for increasing the ground water table resulting in increased agricultural productivity and improved living standards. These projects have benefited 41,112 people in 48 villages. The project has resulted in an increase in ground water table through various ‘watershed’ measures. All the Soil & Water Conservation, Productivity Enhancement and Livelihood Enhancement interventions are conducted in complete cohesion with the community i.e. the Village Level Water Committees (WCs) and Self Help Groups (SHGs). The IWMP Projects at Bhopal and Damoh have, received 4 awards in F19 for its exemplary work in watershed management. These projects have proved to be sustainable and replicable model for the development sector which was also recognised by Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. c)  MAHINDRA PRIDE SCHOOLS (MPS) – provide livelihood training to youth from socially & economically disadvantaged backgrounds. In F19, the Mahindra Group supported 9 MPSs in Pune, Patna, Chandigarh, Srinagar, Hyderabad, Varanasi and 3 in Chennai through which  6,561 students were trained. From inception till date, 33,235 students have been trained and 100% have been placed. The Company supported the schools in Chandigarh, Srinagar, Hyderabad, Varanasi & Chennai which skilled 3,108 students in F19. The USP of the MPS project is 100% placement of the students in lucrative jobs. This has been possible through the network of 200+ corporates. Many of these have been repeat recruiters, which is a validation of the quality of training provided at MPS. The alumni of MPS who are employed with different companies serve as role models in their community. Active alumni clubs regularly send referrals to MPS and at least 30-40% of a batch comprises of referrals. The alumni also act as peer leaders and mentors to students undergoing training at MPS motivating them to overcome their limiting circumstances. Further, in F19, 1,19,349 students were trained through 2,597 batches of Mahindra Pride Classrooms in Polytechnics and Arts & Science Colleges across 14 States. The Mahindra Pride Classrooms provided 40-120 hours modules of training to final year students covering English Speaking, Life Skills, Aptitude, Interview, Group Discussion and Digital Literacy. d)  MAHINDRA HARIYALI – The Mahindra Group is committed to planting one million trees every year. Apart from the obvious environmental benefits, the community too benefits from the plantations since it supports livelihood as well. For e.g. in Araku, the plantations have helped sustain coffee plantations which have yielded 