Tax RegulationsChoice of Fuel and new emission normsIndia, has traditionally seen tax rate differential between small and large passenger vehicles. This differential is based on length of vehicle, engine size and fuel type. The differential tax rates are a deterrent to the customer for buying large and luxury vehicles. This differential in tax rates gets carried forward under the GST regime implemented in July 2017.While the agship products of your Company attract higher tax rates, your Company has strengthened the UV product portfolio attracting lower tax rates, with the launch of XUV300, TUV300 and KUV100. The customer's choice of fuel type has been traditionally governed by the operating economics, which is a function of price differential between petrol - diesel fuels and the acquisition cost. Further there has been a negative perception over cleanliness of diesel as a fuel. Since deregulation of fuel prices in October 2014, the gap between petrol and diesel prices has narrowed signicantly. This narrowing price gap, in combination with higher taxes on certain categories of diesel vehicles, have led to decrease in demand for diesel fuelled passenger vehicles, especially cars.The share of diesel vehicle sales in passenger cars has dropped from 47% in the FY13 to 19% in the FY19. However, for Utility Vehicles, the demand for diesel vehicles continue to be strong with diesel powered UVs accounting for 83% of volume in FY19.st From 1April 2020, India will switch over to BSVI emission norms. With this, the concern over cleanliness of diesel emission will go away, but there is a cost differential involved in meeting BSVI emission for Petrol and Diesel vehicles, with Diesel being higher. This differential is likely to put pricing pressure on the diesel fuelled vehicles with BSVI implementation. Your Company is actively pursuing a strategy to develop and introduce Petrol engines across the product range. Further, there are aggressive time and cost targets for meeting BSVI emission for diesel engines.  140COMPANYOVERVIEWBOARD’SREPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONAND ANALYSISCORPORATEGOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONEACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATEDACCOUNTSNew Regulation for Safety New ProductsConcerns over road safety are driving legislation and regulatory reforms. The new safety regulations are being rolled out under the name of Bharat New Vehicle Safety Assessment program (BNVSAP). These have been implemented in FY2019 for new vehicles and from FY2020 for existing vehicles.Conforming to the next stage of safety regulations will call for use of advanced technologies and will have an impact on costs. Your Company is geared up and is condent of meeting these regulations.For tractors, introduction of Roll Over Protection System (ROPS), will require investment in technology and increase the material cost, thus putting pressure on the overall cost structure. To remain competitive in the market, for exceeding customer expectations and to meet requirements of legislation, your Company has an aggressive programme for development of new products and technologies. The success of new product launches will have an important bearing on its future growth and protability of the Company. For tractors, likely introduction of new emission norms (TREM IV), will call for additional investments by OEMs and increase in material cost for the tractor.  This increase in cost will need to be passed on to the customer. Your Company will do its best by exploring innovative means to keep the costs under control. Progress on the development of Petrol powertrains as well as development of BSVI emission technologies within the time and cost targets is satisfactory.