197 Principle 7: Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner1.   Is your company a member of any trade and chamber or association? If Yes, Name only those major ones that your business deals with:  Yes. The company is member of following trade and chamber or association in alphabetical order  a)  The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM),  b)  Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI),  c) Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) d) Employers’ Federation of India (EFI),  e) FICCI f) Indian Merchants Chambers g)  National Human Resource Development Network (NHRDN),  h)  Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM),  i) The Energy and Resource Institute (TERI)  j) Tractor Manufacturer’s Association (TMA) 2.  Have you advocated/lobbied through above associations for the advancement or improvement of public good? Yes/No; if yes specify the broad areas (drop box: Governance and Administration, Economic Reforms, Inclusive Development Policies, Energy security, Water, Food Security, Sustainable Business Principles, Others).   The Company participates as a stakeholder of SIAM and TMA on policies related to Automotive and Tractor Industry, Sustainable Mobility and Farm Tech Prosperity, Economic Reforms, Sustainable Business Principles (Sustainable Supply Chain Management) and Vehicle Recall policy. The Company also contributes through Confederation of Indian Industry/ Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry, when views are solicited on matters such as Securities Law, Corporate Laws, etc. Principle 8: Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development 1.  Does the company have specified programmes/initiatives/projects in pursuit of the policy related to Principle 8? If yes details thereof.   Yes, since its inception Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. has been a socially responsible corporate making investments in the community which go beyond any mandatory legal & statutory requirements. The CSR vision of the Company is to focus its efforts within the constituencies of girls, youth & farmers, by innovatively supporting them through programs designed in the domains of education, health and environment, while harnessing the power of technology. By investing our CSR efforts in these critical constituencies who contribute to nation building and the economy, we will enable our stakeholders and communities to RISE. In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has committed 2% (PBT), towards CSR initiatives. Further, the unique ESOPs (Employee Social Options) platform provides employees a menu of volunteering opportunities enabling them to participate actively in the Company’s CSR initiatives and giving back to society. Some of the major initiatives the Company has invested in the financial year (F-19) are as follows:  a)  Project Nanhi Kali – Provision of educational support to underprivileged girls from poor urban, remote rural and tribal communities across India to enable them to complete their schooling.  b)  Mahindra Pride School & Mahindra Pride Classrooms – Livelihood training programme for youth from socially and economically disadvantaged communities to enable them to complete their school.  c)  Mahindra scholarships at Mahindra United World College of India (MUWCI) – to enable deserving and meritorious students to study at MUWCI.  d)  Promoting Health & Preventive Healthcare – Providing financial and psychological support to patients suffering from critical & life threatening illnesses, palliative care program for people with chronic illnesses such as cancer, Alzheimer’s, kidney failure, lung conditions and stroke & support for setting up ‘The Head and Neck Cancer Institute of India’.  e)  Lifeline Express – Support a “hospital on wheels”, providing medical and surgical interventions to rural population who do not have access to healthcare services.  f)  Mahindra Hariyali – Afforestation initiative to improve green cover & protect bio-diversity in the country and also contribute to the livelihood of farmers. 