62COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSof Independent Directors, the Board recommends  re-appointment of:(i)  Dr. Vishakha N. Desai for a further period from 8th August, 2019 to 30th April, 2024; and (ii)  Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta for a further period of five consecutive years commencing from 8th August, 2019 to 7th August, 2024to hold office as Independent Directors of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation on the Board of the Company. The Company has received the requisite Notices from a Member in writing proposing their appointment as Independent Directors.The Company has received declarations from all the Independent Directors of the Company confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed both under the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.Completion of Tenure of Independent DirectorsMr. R. K. Kulkarni and Mr. Anupam Puri would cease to hold office as Independent Directors of the Company from 8th August, 2019, upon completion of their tenure as approved by the Shareholders at the 68th AGM of the Company.Mr. R. K. Kulkarni has been on the Board of the Company for around 22 years and has enriched the Board with his immense experience in all aspects of corporate law, M&A, litigations, strategy and management, financial reporting and processes. His vast experience in advising large Indian and multinational clients in various business sectors and expertise in legal and fiscal management was pivotal in steering the growth & diversification initiatives of the Company over a period of time. He has been the Chairman of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Member of Audit Committee, Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and other committees of the Board. Quote from Executive Chairman“Mr. R. K. Kulkarni joined the Board of the Company in 1997 and played a key role in nurturing the Legal, Compliance and Governance culture of your Company.Apart from being a leading proponent of governance, ethics and values, he also brought a commercial mindset while framing, evaluating and executing strategies of your Company. This rare combination of qualities added a valuable perspective and dimension to the deliberations and decision making of the Board. He has always brought a solution based approach to issues while remaining committed to the highest standards of governance and excellence. He has made significant contributions as a Director of the Company and as a member of several of its committees and his inputs have greatly benefited the Board and the Company.I am grateful for Mr. Kulkarni’s counsel and friendship. Even though his term as a Director is ending, he has assured the Management of his continuous availability and support, which the Management will certainly draw upon. I wish him many years of good health and happiness.” Mr. Anupam Puri has been on the Board of the Company for around 18 years. He brought with him a global mindset and experience in driving business success in markets around the world with an understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, sensitivity to cultural diversity and adaptability. He provided thought leadership in business strategy and handling various organizational issues with his immense international knowledge, financial expertise and experience. He has been a Member of the Strategic Investment Committee and has contributed in evaluating various proposals which has enabled the Company build a strong and diversified portfolio of investments with sustainable growth. Quote from Executive Chairman “Mr. Anupam Puri, fondly known as “Tino” joined the Board of your Company in 2001.With his extensive experience in business strategy and financial structuring, he critically and constructively challenged management on various business and growth proposals put forth at the Strategic Investment Committee and the Board, and his concurrence provided valuable validation to the Management and Board in pursuing such opportunities.Tino’s expertise in striking a delicate balance between maintaining independence and governance oversight and providing constructive support to Management (especially on matters of strategy and M&A) has been particularly valuable. He championed the cause of fostering a culture that promotes long-term thinking, discipline, and accountability. Tino has been on your Company’s Board for a long time. The baseline model he has helped to create will continue to guide your Company in its pursuit of organic and inorganic growth opportunities. I wish Tino many years of good health and happiness.”