65 Mr. Nadir B. Godrej, Mr. M. M. Murugappan and  Mr. R. K. Kulkarni. All the Members of the Committee are Independent Directors and possess strong accounting and financial management knowledge. The Company Secretary of the Company is the Secretary of the Committee.All the recommendations of the Audit Committee were accepted by the Board.L.GOVERNANCECorporate GovernanceYour Company has a rich legacy of ethical governance practices many of which were implemented by the Company, even before they were mandated by law. Your Company is committed to transparency in all its dealings and places high emphasis on business ethics. A Report on Corporate Governance along with a Certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the Company regarding compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 forms part of the Annual Report.Vigil MechanismThe Vigil Mechanism as envisaged in the Companies Act, 2013, the Rules prescribed thereunder and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is implemented through the Company’s Whistle Blower Policy to enable the Directors, employees and all stakeholders of the Company to report genuine concerns, to provide for adequate safeguards against victimisation of persons who use such mechanism and make provision for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.Whistle Blower Policy of your Company is available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at  the Web-link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zipFurther details are available in the Report on Corporate Governance that forms part of this Annual Report.The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in line with the requirements of The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) has been set up to redress complaints received regarding sexual harassment and the Company has complied with provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints Committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this Policy. The Policy is gender neutral.During the year under review, 4 complaints with allegations of sexual harassment were filed, which were disposed-off as per the provisions of The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and as of  31st March, 2019, no complaint was pending. Business Responsibility ReportThe ‘Business Responsibility Report’ (BRR) of your Company for the year 2018-19 forms part of this Annual Report as required under Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.Your Company strongly believes that sustainable and inclusive growth is possible by using the levers of environmental and social responsibility while setting aspirational targets and improving economic performance to ensure business continuity and rapid growth. Your Company is committed to leverage ‘Alternative Thinking’ to build competitive advantage in achieving high shareholder returns through customer centricity, innovation, good governance and inclusive human development while being sensitive to the environment.Risk ManagementYour Company has a well-defined risk management framework in place. The risk management framework works at various levels across the enterprise. These levels form the strategic defence cover of the Company’s risk management. The Company has a robust organisational structure for managing and reporting on risks.Your Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee of the Board which is authorised to monitor and review risk management plan and risk certificate. The Committee is also empowered, inter alia, to review and recommend to the Board the modifications to the Risk Management Policy. Further, the Board has constituted a Corporate Risk Council comprising the Senior Executives of the Company. The terms of reference of the Council comprises review of risks and Risk Management Policy on periodic intervals.