MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED13the Organisation to surge ahead and turnaround on its growth path in all the segments of performance. Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma was also Chairman of LIC Housing Finance Ltd, LIC (International) B S C (C) Bahrain, Life Insurance Corporation Singapore Pte. Ltd. and other companies. He was also Director on Boards of Kenindia Assurance Co. Ltd and ICICI Bank Limited. Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma has completed 60 years of age. Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma is the Director on the Boards of ACC Limited and Tata Steel Limited.Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma is a Member of the following Board Committees:Sr. No.Name of the CompanyName of the CommitteePosition held1.ACC LimitedCorporate Social Responsibility CommitteeMemberRisk CommitteeMember2.Tata Steel Limited Stakeholders Relationship CommitteeChairmanSafety, Health and Environment CommitteeMemberMr. Vijay Kumar Sharma does not hold any Ordinary (Equity) Shares in the Company.Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma had attended all three Board Meetings of the Company in the financial year 2018-19, post his appointment as an Additional Director of the Company.Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma would be entitled to sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees thereof. In addition, he would be entitled to commission as determined each year by the Board of Directors within the limits approved by the Members of the Company for the Non-Executive Directors of the Company.Sitting fees was paid to Life Insurance Corporation of India upto 31st December, 2018 and thereafter to Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma. Further, the commission is payable to Life Insurance Corporation of India. The sitting fees paid during the Financial Year 2018-19 is Rs. 3 lakhs. No commission was paid for the Financial Year 2017-18. For Financial Year 2018-19, Commission payable  will be Rs. 10.21 lakhs.Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of section 164 of the Act and has given his consent to act as a Director. Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any Order issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any other authority.The Board is of the view that Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma’s knowledge and experience will be of immense benefit and value to the Company and pursuant to the recommendation of the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, recommends his appointment to the Members.The Articles of Association of the Company are available for inspection of the Members in physical or in electronic form at the Registered Office of the Company between 10.00 a.m. to 12.00 noon, on all working days (except Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays), up to the date of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and copies thereof shall also be made available for inspection in physical or electronic form at the Corporate Office of the Company situated at Mahindra Towers, 5th Floor, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 018 as well as during the AGM at the venue thereof.Save and except Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma, and his relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 8 of the Notice. None of the Directors and KMP of the Company are inter-se related to each other.The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 8 of the Notice for approval of the Members.ITEM NOS. 9 & 10:The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to the recommendation of the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, has proposed to the Members of the Company, the appointments of Mr. Haigreve Khaitan (DIN: 00005290) and Ms. Shikha Sharma (DIN: 00043265) as Independent Directors on the Board of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, who shall hold office for a term of five  consecutive years commencing from 8th August, 2019 to 7th August, 2024. The Company has received notice in writing from a Member under section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act“) proposing the candidature of Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma for the office of Director of the Company.Brief details of Mr. Haigreve Khaitan and Ms. Shikha Sharma are mentioned below:•	Mr.	Haigreve	Khaitan:  Mr. Haigreve Khaitan has done his LL.B. from South Kolkata Law College. Mr. Haigreve Khaitan is a Partner of Khaitan & Co. Mr. Haigreve Khaitan started his career in litigation and over the years has been involved in 