167 A. Audit CommitteeThis Committee comprises of the following Directors viz. Mr. T. N. Manoharan (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Nadir B. Godrej, Mr. M. M. Murugappan and  Mr. R. K. Kulkarni. All the Members of the Committee are Independent Directors. All the Members of the Committee possess strong accounting and financial management knowledge. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.The terms of reference of this Committee are very wide and are in line with the regulatory requirements mandated by the Act and Part C of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. Besides having access to all the required information from within the Company, the Committee can obtain external professional advice whenever required. The Committee acts as a link between the Statutory and the Internal Auditors and the Board of Directors of the Company. It is authorised to, inter alia, review and monitor the Auditor’s independence and performance, scope and effectiveness of audit process, oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information, review with the management the quarterly and annual financial statements and auditor’s report before submission to the Board for approval, select and establish accounting policies, review Reports of the Statutory and the Internal Auditors and meet with  them to discuss their findings, suggestions and other related matters, approve (wherever necessary) transactions of the Company with related parties including subsequent modifications thereof, grant omnibus approvals for related party transactions subject to fulfilment of certain conditions, scrutinise inter-corporate loans and investments, valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, review the risk assessment and minimisation procedures, evaluate internal financial controls and risk management systems, monitor end use of the funds raised through public offers and related matters, etc.The Committee is also empowered to, inter alia, recommend the remuneration payable to the Statutory Auditors, availing of such other services from the Auditors and to recommend a change in the Auditors, if felt necessary. Further, the Committee is empowered to recommend to the Board, the appointment  of Chief Financial Officer, the term of appointment  and remuneration of the Cost Auditor, Internal Auditor, etc., review the functioning of the Whistleblower  Policy/Vigil Mechanism. The Committee also reviews Financial Statements and Investments of unlisted subsidiary companies, Management Discussion  & Analysis of financial condition and results  of operations.The Audit Committee has been granted powers as prescribed under Regulation 18(2)(c) of the Listing Regulations and reviews all the information as prescribed in Part C of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. The Committee also reviews the Report on compliance under Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading adopted by the Company pursuant to Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 (“PIT Regulations”). Further, Compliance Reports under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and Whistleblower Policy are also placed before the Committee. During the year under review, the terms of reference of this Committee have been aligned with the changes made in the Listing Regulations based on the recommendations of the Uday Kotak Committee, including reviewing  the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the Company in the subsidiary companies exceeding Rs. 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans/advances / investments and review compliance with the PIT Regulations at least once in a financial year and verify that the systems for internal control are adequate and are operating effectively. The terms of reference are also in line with the regulatory requirements mandated in the Act.  The Meetings of the Audit Committee are also attended by the Executive Chairman, the Managing Director,  the Group CFO & Group CIO, the President (Group M&A, Corporate Accounts & Group Secretarial), the Senior Vice President – Corporate Finance, the Statutory Auditors, the Chief Internal Auditor, the Controller of Accounts, the Managing Partner – Mahindra Partners & President (Group Legal) and the Company Secretary. The Cost Auditor also attends the Committee Meeting at which the Cost Audit Report(s) are considered.As required under the Secretarial Standards, the Chairman of the Committee or, in his absence, any other Member of the Committee authorised by him on his behalf shall attend the General Meeting of the Company. Mr. T. N. Manoharan, Chairman of the  Audit Committee, was present at the 72nd AGM of the Company held on 7th August, 2018 to address the Shareholders’ queries pertaining to Annual Accounts of the Company.