227226 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS   Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences could be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws, which gives future economic benefits in the form of adjustment to future income tax liability, is considered as an asset if it is probable that the Company will pay normal income tax against which the MAT paid will be adjusted. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.   Current and deferred tax for the year   Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination. (q) Provisions   Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When provision is measured using the cash flow estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of these cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).   Provisions for the expected cost of warranty obligations are recognised at the time of sale of the relevant products, at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Company’s obligation. (r) Leasing   Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.   Certain arrangements convey a right to use an asset in return for a payment or series of payments. At inception of the arrangement, the Company determines whether such an arrangement is or contains a lease and separates the consideration into those for the lease and those for other elements. The lease component is accounted as per Company’s accounting policy on leasing transactions.  The Company as lessor   Rental income from operating leases is generally recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Where the rentals are structured solely to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the Company’s expected inflationary cost increases, such increases are recognised in the year in which such benefits accrue. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  The Company as lessee   Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised as assets of the Company at their fair value at the inception of the lease or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding liability to the lessor is included in the balance sheet as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are apportioned between finance expenses and reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance expenses are recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless they are directly attributable to qualifying assets, in which case they are capitalised in accordance with the Company’s general policy on borrowing costs. Contingent rentals are recognised as expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.   Rental expense from operating leases is generally recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Where the rentals are structured solely to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected inflationary cost increases, such increases are recognised in the year in which such benefits accrue. 3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: Standards issued but not yet effective:   In March 2019, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs issued the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Amendments) Rules, 2019 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Second Amendment) Rules, 2019 notifying Ind AS 116 – ‘Leases’ and making amendments to various other Ind AS standards viz. Ind AS 12 – ‘Income Taxes’, Ind AS 19 – ‘Employee benefits’, Ind AS 23 – ‘Borrowing Cost’, Ind AS 28 –  ‘Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures’, Ind AS 111 – ‘Joint Arrangements’, Ind AS 103 – ‘Business Combinations’ and Ind AS 109 –  ‘Financial Instruments’. These amendments are in accordance with the recent amendments made by International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The amendments are effective from accounting periods beginning from 1st April, 2019.2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)