Internal Control SystemsYour Company maintains adequate internal control systems commensurate with the nature of its business and size and complexity of its operations. These are regularly tested for their effectiveness by Statutory as well as Internal Auditors. Your Company's Internal Financial Controls are deployed through Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), that addresses material risks in your Company's operations and nancial reporting objectives. The framework is a combination of entity level controls (including Enterprise Risk Management, Legal Compliance Framework, Internal Audit and Anti-Fraud Mechanisms such as Ethics Framework, Code of Conduct, Whistle Blower Policy, etc.), process level controls, information technology based controls, period end nancial reporting and closing controls.Further, the Internal Control Systems have been designed to provide reasonable assurance with regard to recording and providing reliable nancial and operational information. In the highly networked IT environment of the Company, validation of IT Security receives focused attention from IT specialists and Statutory Auditors.The Chief Internal Auditor reports directly to the Chairman of the Board. The Internal Audit function develops an audit plan for the Company, which covers, inter alia, corporate, core business operations, as well as support functions. The Audit Committee reviews the annual internal audit plan. Signicant audit observations are presented to the Audit Committee, together with the status of the management actions and the progress of the implementation of the recommendations.The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal control environment and monitors the implementation of audit recommendations. During the year, the Company has taken steps to review and document the adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Nonetheless, your Company recognises that any internal control framework, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations and accordingly, regular audits and review processes ensure that such systems are reinforced on an ongoing basis.Your Company's Management has carried out the evaluation of design and operative effectiveness of these controls and noted no signicant deciencies/material weaknesses that might impact nancial statements as at the Balance Sheet date.DISCUSSION ON FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCEFINANCIAL INFORMATION [STANDALONE]OverviewProperty, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets:The nancial statements have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and notied under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 'Act') and other relevant provisions of the Act.The Group's consolidated nancial statements have been prepared in compliance with Ind AS 110 on Consolidation of Accounts and presented in a separate section. stAs at 31 March 2019, the Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets stood at Rs. 12,502 crores as compared stto Rs. 10,988 crores as at 31 March, 2018. During the year, the Company incurred capital expenditure of Rs. 3,082 crores (previous year Rs. 2,683 crores). The major items of capital expenditure were on new product development and capacity enhancement.Your Company has a strong and independent Internal Audit function consisting of professionally qualiﬁed accountants and engineers. ALWAYS REPORT WHAT'S WRONGMAHINDRIGHTBE A THE WAY WE RISE149