281280 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS1. General information  Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (‘the Company’) is a limited company incorporated in India. The address of its registered office and principal activities of the Company are disclosed in the introduction to the Annual Report.   The Ordinary (Equity) shares of the Company are listed on the National Stock Exchange (“NSE”) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (“BSE”) in India. The Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) (underlying equity shares) of the Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and also admitted for trading on International Order Book (IOB) of London Stock Exchange.2. Significant Accounting Policies: (a) Statement of compliance and basis of preparation and presentation   These consolidated financial statements of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited and its subsidiaries (‘the Group’ or ‘Mahindra Group’) have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and other relevant provisions of the Act.   These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 29th May, 2019. (b) Basis of measurement   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values. (c) Basis of consolidation   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries.   Subsidiaries   Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. Subsidiaries are consolidated on a line-by-line basis from the date the control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the Group. Changes in the Group’s interest in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted as equity transactions. The carrying amount of the Company’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.   Any excess of fair value of consideration received over carrying amount of the assets (including any goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary, is recognised as gain or loss in Statement of Profit and Loss. Additionally components of Other Comprehensive Income of Subsidiaries are reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss or transferred directly to retained earnings.			Intercompany	transactions,	balances	and	unrealised	gains	on	transactions	between	group	companies	are	eliminated.	Unrealised	losses	are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. These financial statements are prepared by applying uniform accounting policies in use at the Group.   Associates   Associates are the entities over which the Group has significant influence. Investment in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.  Joint Arrangements   A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have the rights to the net assets of the arrangement. The results, assets and liabilities of a joint venture are accounted using the equity method of accounting. Where the Group’s activities are conducted through joint operations (i.e. the parties have rights to the assets and obligation for liabilities relating to the arrangement), the Group recognises its share of assets, liabilities, income and expenses of such joint operations incurred jointly along with its share of income from the sale of output. (d) Measurement of fair values   A number of Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. The Group has established policies and procedures with respect to the measurement of fair values.    Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows:  — Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.  —  Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  — Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | for the year ended 31st March 2019