209208 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS   Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial StatementsOur objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements.  As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.  We also:•		Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	standalone	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error,	design	and	perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. •		Obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that	are	appropriate	in	the	circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.•		Evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates	and	related	disclosures	made	 by management.•		Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	management’s	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based	on	the	audit	evidence	obtained,	whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.•		Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	standalone	financial	statements,	including	the	disclosures,	and	whether	the	standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.   Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements1.  As required by the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2016 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government in terms of section 143(11) of the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable. (A) As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:  a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.  b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books.   c)  The standalone balance sheet, the standalone statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the standalone statement of changes in equity and the standalone statement of cash flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.  d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act.   e)  On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31 March 2019 taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March 2019 from being appointed as a director in terms of section 164(2) of the Act.  f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”.