227226 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS Ind AS 116 – ‘Leases’:  This standard will supersede Ind AS 17 – ‘Leases’. It abolishes for lessees the previous classification of leasing agreements as either operating or finance leases. Instead, Ind AS 116 introduces a single lessee accounting model, requiring lessees to recognise assets for right to use assets and lease liability representing its obligation to make lease payments. This means that leases which were previously not reported in the Balance Sheet will have to be reported in subsequent reporting periods. The depreciation expense will include amortisation of right to use asset and finance costs will include interest expense on lease liability. Ind AS 116 also provides exception from recognition of right to use asset and lease liability where lease term is less than 12 months or leases for which underlying asset is of low value. In such cases, lease payments are recognised as an expense over lease term either on straight-line basis unless another systematic basis is representative of time pattern of the user’s benefit. The Company does not expect any significant impact of the amendment on its financial statements. Amendments to Ind AS 12 – ‘Income Taxes’:  The amendment relating to income tax consequences of dividend clarify that an entity shall recognise the income tax consequences of dividends in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or equity according to where the entity originally recognised those past transactions or events. Further, the amendment to Appendix C specifies that when an entity is uncertain how tax laws applies to a particular transaction or circumstance until the relevant tax authorities or a court takes a decision in future and it is not probable that taxation authorities may accept entities tax position then entity is required to estimate effect of such uncertain position on income tax and deferred tax. The Company does not expect any significant impact of the amendment on its financial statements. Amendment to Ind AS 19 – ‘Employee Benefits’:  The amendment clarifies that if a plan amendment, curtailment or settlement occurs, it is mandatory that the current service cost and the net interest for the period after the re-measurement are determined using the assumptions used for the re-measurement. In addition, amendment has been included to clarify the effect of a plan amendment, curtailment or settlement on the requirements regarding the asset ceiling. There is no impact of the amendment on the Company’s financial statements. Amendment to Ind AS 23 – ‘Borrowing Cost’:  The amendment clarifies borrowing costs related to specific borrowings that remain outstanding after the related qualifying asset is ready for intended use or sale should subsequently be considered as part of general borrowing costs of an entity. The amendment does not have significant impact on the Company’s financial statements. Amendment to Ind AS 28 – ‘Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures’:  The amendment specifies that entity shall apply Ind AS 109 before applying Ind AS 28 to long term interests in associates and joint ventures that form part of net investment in associate and joint venture but to which equity method is not applied.  The amendment is not applicable to the Company’s financial statements. Amendment to Ind AS 103 – ‘Business Combination and Ind AS 111 – Joint Arrangements’:  The amendment to Ind AS 103 relating to re-measurement clarifies that when an entity obtains control of a business that is a joint operation, then the entity considers such an acquisition as a business combination achieved in stages and accounts for it accordingly i.e., it re-measures previously held interests in that business.   The amendment to Ind AS 111 clarifies that when an entity obtains joint control of a business that is a joint operation, the entity does not re-measure previously held interests in that business. These amendment are not applicable to the Company’s financial statements. Amendment to Ind AS 109 – ‘Financial instruments’:  The amendment relate to the existing requirements in Ind AS 109 regarding termination rights in order to allow measurement at amortised cost (or, depending on the business model, at fair value through other comprehensive income) even in the case of negative compensation payments. The amendment does not have any significant impact on the Company’s financial statements.3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: (contd.)