283282 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.) (e) Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments   The preparation of financial statements is in conformity with Ind AS which requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions, that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses at the date of these financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the years presented. Actual results may differ from these estimates.   Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and future periods affected.   Key sources of estimation uncertainty at the date of financial statements, which may cause a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, is in respect of useful lives of property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets, provision for product warranty, fair value of financial assets / liabilities and impairment of investments and goodwill.   The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below:  (i) Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets    The Group reviews the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets at the end of each reporting period. This re-assessment may result in change in depreciation and amortisation expense in future periods.  (ii) Provision for product warranties    The Group recognises provision for warranties in respect of the products that it sells. Provisions are discounted, where necessary, to its present value based on the best estimate required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. These are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.   (iii) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities and investments     The Group measures certain financial assets and liabilities on fair value basis at each balance sheet date or at the time they are assessed for impairment. Fair value measurement that are based on significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) requires estimates of operating margin, discount rate, future growth rate, terminal values, etc. based on management’s best estimate about future developments.   (iv) Impairment of goodwill				The	Group	estimates	the	value	in	use	of	the	cash	generating	unit	(CGU)	based	on	the	future	cash	flows	after	considering	current	economic conditions and trends, estimated future operating results and growth rate and anticipated future economic and regulatory conditions.	The	estimated	cash	flows	are	developed	using	internal	forecasts.	The	discount	rate	used	for	the	CGUs	represent	the	weighted average cost of capital based on historical market returns of comparable companies. (f) Property, plant and equipment   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment, if any.   Cost includes financing cost relating to borrowed funds attributable to the construction or acquisition of qualifying tangible assets upto the date the assets are ready for use.   Depreciation is provided on straight-line basis for property, plant and equipment so as to expense the depreciable amount, i.e. the cost less estimated residual value, over its estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and the effect of any changes in estimate is accounted for on a prospective basis.   When an asset is scrapped or otherwise disposed off, the cost and related depreciation are removed from the books of account and resultant profit or loss, if any, is reflected in profit or loss.   The management’s estimate of useful lives are in accordance with Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, other than the following asset classes, based on the Group’s expected usage pattern supported by technical assessment:Asset ClassUseful	lives(i) Plant and equipment 2-25 years(ii) Buildings, including roads3-60 years(iii) Vehicles2-10 years (g) Goodwill and Intangible Assets   Goodwill is initially recognised as the excess of consideration paid and acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the identifiable net assets of acquired business. Subsequent to initial measurement, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment, if any. Goodwill is allocated to the cash-generating unit which is expected to benefit from the business combination.