MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED9Sr. No.Name of the CompanyName of the CommitteePosition held3.Mahindra Electric Mobility LimitedNomination and Remuneration CommitteeMember4.Ssangyong Motor CompanyManagement CommitteeChairmanOutside Director Candidate Recommendation CommitteeMember5.Mahindra Agri Solutions LimitedNomination and Remuneration CommitteeMember6.Classic Legends Private LimitedNomination and Remuneration CommitteeChairmanThe terms and conditions of re-appointment and remuneration of Dr. Goenka would be governed by the terms and conditions approved by the Members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 4th August, 2017. The remuneration paid to Dr. Goenka during the Financial Year 2018-19 is Rs. 1,219.22 lakhs. Dr. Goenka holds 79,188 Ordinary (Equity) Shares in the Company. Dr. Goenka is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any Order issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any other authority.Save and except Dr. Goenka, and his relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No.4 of the Notice. None of the Directors and KMP of the Company are inter-se related to each other.The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice for approval of the Members.Explanatory Statement in respect of the Special Business pursuant to section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013ITEM NO. 5:The Board of Directors, at its Meeting held on 29th May, 2019, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, approved the appointment of Messrs D. C. Dave & Co., Cost Accountants having Firm Registration Number 000611, as Cost Auditors of the Company for conducting the audit of the cost records of the Company, for the Financial Year ending 31st March, 2020, at a remuneration of Rs. 8,00,000 (Rupees Eight Lakhs only) (plus Goods and Services Tax and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses).Pursuant to section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, Members of the Company are required to ratify the remuneration to be paid to the cost auditors of the Company.Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice for ratification of the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for conducting the audit of the cost records of the Company for the Financial Year ending 31st March, 2020.None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice. The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice for approval of the Members.ITEM NOS. 6 and 7:Dr. Vishakha N. Desai and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta were appointed as Independent Directors on the Board of your Company pursuant to the provisions of section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the erstwhile Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement with the Stock Exchanges, by the Shareholders at the 68th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company held on 8th August, 2014. They hold office as Independent Directors of the Company up to 7th August, 2019 (“first term” in line with the explanation to Sections 149(10) and 149(11) of the Act).