190COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS3.  Governance Related to BR     Indicate the frequency with which the Board of Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO to assess the BR performance of the Company. Within 3 months, 3-6 months, Annually, More than 1 year:   The CSR Committee of the Board assesses the BR performance twice a year. Other supporting councils/cells viz. Group Sustainability Council, Group CSR council Central Safety Council and Corporate Governance Council meet every 3 months.     Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequently it is published?    Mahindra Group started publishing the Sustainability Report since 2007-08 annually and all Sustainability Reports from 2007-08 till date are GRI compliant. The Sustainability Report 2017-18 is accessible on the Company’s Website at the hyperlink https://www.mahindra.com/resources/pdf/sustainability/Mahindra-Sustainability-Report-2017-18.pdf.    The Sustainability Report for 2018-19 is under preparation and will be uploaded on the website of the Company in due course of time.Section E: Principle-wise performance Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability 1.  Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover only the company? Yes/ No. Does it extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs /Others?   The Company has a Code of Conduct for Directors as well as all employees of the Company that covers issues, inter alia, related to ethics and bribery. It covers all dealings with Suppliers, customers and other business partners including Joint Ventures, and other stakeholders. The Company also has a Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Vendors.   As part of the Mahindra Group’s Trade Mark Licence Agreement (TLA) with Subsidiary Companies, the Code of Conduct and a few Governance Polices are being made mandatory for signatories to the TLA. 2.  How many stakeholder complaints have been received in the past financial year and what percentage was satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.  During the reporting year, 47 complaints were received from the shareholders, all of which were attended to/resolved till date. These complaints pertain to transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt of dividend, non-receipt of share certificates, non-receipt of Annual Report, etc.Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle.1.  List up to 3 of your products or services whose design has incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks and/or opportunities.1.  Passenger Vehicles (UV/ MPV/ Cars)Alturas G4The Alturas G4 powerful 2.2 litre 4-cylinder engine produces 133.1 kW (178 BHP) power and 420 Nm of torque. Electrical variable geometry turbocharger produces best in torque on the vehicle category for more power on Highways and Transient operations. Dual Zone Fully Automatic Temperature Control optimizes the cooling requirements. For safety Electronic Parking Brake with Auto Hold feature and Cruise Control provides stability to the vehicle. 9 airbags (driver seat, passenger seat, driver’s knee protection, side airbags in 1st & 2nd rows, and curtain airbags) provide complete safety for passengers and drivers. Electronic Stability Program (ESP), Active Rollover Protection (ARP), Brake Assist System (BAS), Hill Start Assist (HSA), Traction Control System, ABS + EBD, Emergency Stop Signal, Hill Descent Control (HDC) enhances the customer safety. Ultra-high strength steel quad frame structure, Side impact beams & front crumple zones with ISOFIX mounts for child seat, Immobilizer ensures convenience and a good ride experience.XUV 3001.5L Turbo Diesel engine with electronic variable geometry charger produces 85.8KW (115 BHP) power & 300 NM torque. The 1.2L Turbo Petrol engine: 81KW (110 BHP) power & 200 NM torque with 6-speed transmission provides the best power rating of the vehicle. For enhanced fuel economy the Smart Steering System has 3 steering modes of operations which allow you to customise the steering effort to suit your driving requirements. For the safety 7 airbags (knee airbag, dual-front, side and curtain airbags) and Disc brakes on all 4 wheels are provided for passenger’s safety. The Front parking sensors, Electronic stability program with Dynamic Steering Torque, Hydraulic Brake Assist, Roll-over Mitigation and Traction Control. Hill Start Assist, ABS & EBD standard across all variants provides stability and smooth driving experiences. Additional safety of ISOFIX child seat mounts, Tyre-tronics (tyre pressure & temperature monitoring system), Seat belt reminder for all seats and 3-point seat belt on all seats provides enhanced safety.