183 DECLARATION UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015ToThe Members of Mahindra & Mahindra LimitedI, Anand G. Mahindra, Executive Chairman of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited declare that all the Members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended 31st March, 2019.Anand G. MahindraMumbai, 29th May, 2019 Executive ChairmanCERTIFICATEIndependent Auditors’ Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015To the Members of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited1.  This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter dated 22 August 2017 and 21 September 2018.2.  This report contains details of compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (‘the Company’) for the year ended 31 March 2019 as stipulated in regulations 17-27, clause (b) to (i) of regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (‘Listing Regulations’) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with the National Stock Exchange Limited and the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (collectively referred to as the ‘Stock exchanges’).Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the conditions of Listing Regulations3.  The compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the corporate governance is the responsibility of the Management of the Company including the preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents. Auditors’ Responsibility4.  Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of corporate governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.5.  Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31 March 2019.6.  We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) (the ‘Guidance Note’) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by ICAI.7.  We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.Opinion8.  In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.9.  We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.Restriction on use10.  The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, and it should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. For B S R & Co. LLP Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022 Jamil Khatri PartnerMumbai  Membership No: 102527 29 May 2019  UDIN:19102527AAAAAC6753