172COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSThere is no Subsidiary which falls under this definition of unlisted material subsidiary for the financial year ended 31st March, 2019. The other requirements of Regulation 24 of the Listing Regulations with regard to Corporate Governance requirements for Subsidiary Companies have been complied with.VI.DISCLOSURESA. Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiariesYour Company has formulated a Policy for determining ‘Material’ Subsidiaries as defined in Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations. During the year under review,  the Policy was amended to align it with the changes made in the Listing Regulations based on the recommendations of the Uday Kotak Committee.  This Policy has been posted on the website of  the Company and can be accessed through the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zip.B.  Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party TransactionsYour Company has formulated a Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions which specify the manner of entering into related  party transactions. During the year under review,  this Policy was also amended to align it with the changes made in the Listing Regulations based on  the recommendations of the Uday Kotak Committee and with the regulatory requirements mandated in the Act. This Policy has also been posted on the website of the Company and can be accessed through  the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zip.C.   Disclosure of Transactions with Related PartiesDuring the Financial Year 2018-19, there were no materially significant transactions or arrangements entered into between the Company and its Promoters, Directors or their Relatives or the Management, Subsidiaries, etc. that may have potential conﬂict with the interests of the Company at large. Further, details of related party transactions are presented in Note No. 35 to Annual Accounts in the Annual Report.D.   Disclosure of Accounting Treatment in preparation of Financial StatementsThe Company adopted Indian Accounting Standards (”Ind AS“) from 1st April, 2016. Accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with  Ind AS as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and notified under section 133 of the Act and other relevant provisions  of the Act.E.   Code for Prevention of Insider Trading PracticesThe Company has formulated and adopted the ‘Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information’ and ‘Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading in Securities of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited’ (“M&M Code of Conduct” or “the Code”) in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 (“the Regulations”).The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)  on 31st December, 2018, notified amendments to the Regulations which have come into force from 1st April, 2019. In accordance with the amendments to the Regulation, the Company has amended the ‘Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information’ by incorporating ‘policy for determination of Legitimate purpose’, in it and have also made amendments to the M&M Code of Conduct at the Board Meeting held on 7th & 8th February, 2019. These codes were made effective from 1st April, 2019.M&M Code of Conduct has been formulated to regulate, monitor and ensure reporting of trading by the Designated Persons and their immediate relatives towards achieving compliance with the Regulations and is designed to maintain the highest ethical standards of trading in Securities of the Company by persons to whom it is applicable. The Code lays down Guidelines, which advises them on procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made, while dealing with securities of the Company and cautions them of the consequences of violations.F.   Policy and procedure for inquiry in case of leak/suspected leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive InformationPursuant to the amendments made to the Regulations, the Company has formulated the ‘Policy and procedure 