Instructions for Remote e-voting:Members are requested to follow the instructions given below before they cast their vote through remote e-voting: 1. New Users (i)  User ID and password for e-voting is provided in the table overleaf. Please note that the password is an initial password. (ii) Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://www.evoting.karvy.com (iii)  Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and password). In case of physical folio, User ID will be E-Voting Event Number (EVEN) followed by folio number. In case of Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID and Client ID.  (iv)  You will now reach password change Menu wherein you are required to mandatorily change your password with a new password of your choice with minimum 8 characters. The system will prompt you to change your password and update your contact details like mobile number, email ID, etc. on first login. You may also enter a secret question and answer of your choice to retrieve your password in case you forget it. It is strongly recommended that you do not share your password with any other person and that you take utmost care to keep your password confidential. (v) You need to login again with the new credentials.  (vi)  On successful login, the system will prompt you to select the “EVENT” i.e. Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. (vii) Now you are ready for e-voting as voting page opens. (viii)  You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “Submit” and also click on “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. (ix) Once you have voted on the resolution(s), you will not be allowed to modify your vote. (x)  Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send scanned certified true copy (PDF Format) of the Board Resolution/Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s), to the Scrutiniser at e-mail ID sbhagwatcs@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@karvy.com. The scanned image of the above mentioned documents should be in the naming format “Corporate Name_EVEN.” 2. Existing Users  If you are already registered with Karvy Fintech Private Limited (“Karvy”) for e-voting then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. Please follow the steps from Sl. No. (vi) to (x).Voting at the Annual General Meeting:The facility for voting through e-voting system (Insta Poll) of Karvy shall also be made available at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Members attending the AGM who have not already cast their vote through ‘remote e-voting’ shall be able to exercise their right to vote at the AGM venue. Members who have cast their vote through ‘remote e-voting’ may also attend the Meeting but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again in the Meeting. A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e. through Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM.General Instructions:I.  In case of any queries and/or grievances, in respect of voting by electronic means, Members may refer to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting user manual available at the download section of https://evoting.karvy.com (Karvy Website) or contact at investors@mahindra.com or evoting@karvy.com or call on 040 – 6716 1500 or on Karvy’s toll free No. 1800-3454-001 for any further clarifications.II.  Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.III.  The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Wednesday, 31st July, 2019.IV.  Mr. Sachin Bhagwat, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. ACS 10189) has been appointed as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.