66COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSYour Company has developed and implemented a Risk Management Policy which is approved by the Board. The Risk Management Policy, inter alia, includes identification of risks, including cyber security and related risks and also those which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the existence of the Company. Risk management process has been established across the Company and is designed to identify, assess and frame a response to threats that affect the achievement of its objectives. Further, it is embedded across all the major functions and revolves around the goals and objectives of the organisation.M.CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITYCorporate Social Responsibility (CSR)With a Core Purpose which states that “we will challenge conventional thinking and innovatively use all our resources to drive positive change in the lives of our stakeholders and communities across the world, to enable them to Rise”, it is amply evident that Corporate Social Responsibility is integral to, and at the core of whatever is done at Mahindra. With a deeper understanding of societal issues, your Company has built the ‘Rise for Good’ mission around the four pillars of Community, People, Governance and Environment. With its focus on driving positive change to enable communities to Rise, your Company’s CSR initiatives are designed to support the constituencies of girls, youth and farmers through the domains of education, health and environment. The impact of some of the flagship CSR initiatives that your Company undertook in the last financial year are given below: - –  Project Nanhi Kali, supported the education of over 1,65,291 underprivileged girls across 10 States of India. While the Company supported 18,974 Nanhi Kalis, the Mahindra Group supported the education of 66,348 Nanhi Kalis and the balance were supported by other donors. In Financial Year 2019, 71,394 girls at secondary school level were provided access to digital tablets preloaded with smart, audio visual educational content. –  Financial Year 2019 was a milestone year for the Mahindra Pride Programme, with the Mahindra Pride Classrooms crossing the 1,00,000 outreach mark. Through 2,597 Mahindra Pride Classrooms, 1,19,349 youth from ITI’s, Polytechnics and Arts & Science colleges were trained in English, Lifeskills and job preparedness, across 14 States. Of these 79,566 students were supported by the Company. The Mahindra Group also supported 9 Mahindra Pride Schools through which 6,561 youth from socially and economically disadvantaged communities were trained in ITES, Retail Hospitality & Auto Service and 100% of them were placed in lucrative jobs. The Company supported 5 Mahindra Pride Schools in Chandigarh, Chennai, Srinagar, Hyderabad and Varanasi through which 3,108 youth received livelihood training. –  Over 4,300 students benefitted through a variety of Scholarship Programs, which ranged from providing opportunities to youth from low income group families to undergo diploma courses at vocational education institutes, to allowing meritorious students to pursue their post graduate studies at reputed universities overseas, to allowing meritorious and deserving students to study at the Mahindra United World College in Pune.–  In the area of public health, your Company sponsored its 20th Lifeline Express (hospital on a train) in Arrah Bihar, through which medical care, treatment, and surgical intervention was provided to 11,119 individuals.–  Through Mahindra Hariyali 0.95 million trees were planted which contributed to improving green cover and protecting bio-diversity in the country. Of these 0.83 million trees were planted in the Araku valley, which besides greening the environment also provided livelihood support to tribal farmers growing coffee in this region. The Mahindra Group as a whole planted 1.45 million trees pan India. –  The Integrated Water Management Program (IWMP) in Hatta and Bhopal (Madhya Pradesh) led to increased water availability in 48 villages of Bhopal, thereby directly improving agricultural productivity and increasing farmer income. –  Through the Wardha Farmer Family Project and Krishi Mitra Project your Company continued to support small and marginal farmers by training them in effective farming practices including soil health, crop planning, creating model farms with bio-dynamic farming practices, and increasing the water table with a view to increasing crop productivity. –  Rise for Safe Roads: The first of its kind in India ‘Road Safety’ project aims to make the Mumbai Pune Express way a near ‘Zero Fatality Corridor’ by 2021. Interventions under 4E’s are conducted i.e. Engineering, Enforcement, Education and 