293292 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: (contd.)  Amendments to Ind AS 12 – ‘Income Taxes’:  The amendment relating to income tax consequences of dividend clarifies that an entity shall recognise the income tax consequences of dividends in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or equity according to where the entity originally recognised those past transactions or events. Further, the amendment to Appendix C specifies that when an entity is uncertain how tax laws apply to a particular transaction or circumstance until the relevant tax authorities or a court takes a decision in future and it is not probable that taxation authorities may accept entity’s tax position the entity is required to estimate effect of such uncertain position on income tax and deferred tax. The Group is currently assessing the impact of application of these amendments made to Ind AS 12 on the consolidated financial statements.  Amendment to Ind AS 19 – ‘Employee Benefits’:  The amendment clarifies that if a plan amendment, curtailment or settlement occurs, it is mandatory that the current service cost and the net interest for the period after the re-measurement are determined using the assumptions used for the re-measurement. In addition, amendment has been included to clarify the effect of a plan amendment, curtailment or settlement on the requirements regarding the asset ceiling. The amendment does not have significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  Amendments to Ind AS 23 – ‘Borrowing Cost’:  The amendment clarifies borrowing costs related to specific borrowings that remain outstanding after the related qualifying asset is ready for intended use or sale should subsequently be considered as part of general borrowing costs of an entity. The amendment does not have significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  Amendments to Ind AS 28 - ‘Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures’:  The amendment specifies that entity shall apply Ind AS 109 before applying Ind AS 28 to long term interests in associates and joint ventures that form part of net investment in associate and joint venture but to which equity method is not applied.  The amendment does not have material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  Amendment to Ind AS 103 – ‘Business Combination and Ind AS 111 Joint Arrangements’:  The amendment to Ind AS 103 relating to re-measurement clarify that when an entity obtains control of a business that is a joint operation, then the entity considers such an acquisition as a business combination achieved in stages and accounts for it accordingly i.e., it re-measures previously held interests in that business.  The amendment to Ind AS 111 clarifies that when an entity obtains joint control of a business that is a joint operation, the entity does not re-measure previously held interests in that business.  The amendments does not have material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  Amendment to Ind AS 109 – ‘Financial instruments’:  The amendment relate to the existing requirements in Ind AS 109 regarding termination rights in order to allow measurement at amortised cost (or, depending on the business model, at fair value through other comprehensive income) even in the case of negative compensation payments. The amendments does not have any significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.