174COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSThe Investor Relations page of the Company’s website provides more than 50 Frequently Asked Questions on various topics related to transfers and transmissions of shares, dematerialisation, nomination, change of address, loss of share certificates, dividend and sub-division of share certificates. In addition, various downloadable forms required to be executed by the shareholders have also been provided on the website of the Company. The same can be accessed through the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/investors/reports-and-presentations.  Investor Services Web-based Query Redressal SystemMembers may utilise the facility extended by the Registrar and Transfer Agent for redressal of queries, by visiting https://karisma.karvy.com/ and clicking on ‘INVESTORS GRIEVANCE’ option for query registration through free identity registration process.Investors can submit their query in the option provided on the above website, which would generate a registration number. For accessing the status / response to the query submitted, the grievance registration number can be used at the option ‘Track Complaints’ on right hand corner under ‘INVESTORS GRIEVANCE’ option after 24 hours. Investors can continue to put an additional query, if any, relating to the grievance till they get a satisfactory reply.Investors can provide their feedback on the services provided by the Company and its Registrar and Transfer Agent by filling the Shareholder Satisfaction Survey form available in Investor Relations page on website of the Company at the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/investors/reports-and-presentations  KPRISM- Mobile service application by KarvyMembers are requested to note that Karvy Fintech Private Limited (Karvy) is soon launching a mobile application - KPRISM and a website https://kprism.karvy.com for online service to shareholders.Members can download the mobile application, register themselves (one time) for availing host of services viz., view of consolidated portfolio serviced by Karvy, Dividend status, requests for change of address, change / update Bank Mandate. Through the Mobile app, members can download Annual Reports, standard forms and keep track of upcoming General Meetings and dividend disbursements. The mobile application would be available for download from Android Play Store. Members may alternatively visit the link https://kprism.karvy.com/app/ to download the mobile application.VIII.GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION1. 73rd Annual General Meeting Date : 7th August, 2019  Time  : 3:00 p.m. Venue :  Birla Matushri Sabhagar, 19, Sir Vithaldas Thackersey Marg (New Marine Lines), Mumbai – 400 020.2. Financial Year of the Company  The financial year covers the period from 1st April to 31st March.3. Date of Book Closure and Dividend Payment Date  Book Closure for Dividend will be from Saturday, 20th July, 2019 to Wednesday, 7th August, 2019, both days inclusive and the Dividend would be paid after 7th August, 2019.4.  Listing of Ordinary (Equity) Shares, Debentures on Stock Exchanges and Stock Code  Your Company’s Ordinary (Equity) Shares are listed on BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE). The Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) of your Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are also admitted for trading on International Order Book (IOB) of the London Stock Exchange. The requisite listing fees have been paid in full to all these Stock Exchanges.  The Company’s privately placed Non-Convertible Debentures of Rs. 500 crores and of Rs. 475 crores are listed on the Debt Segment of BSE. Name and Address of the ExchangesType of Security/Scrip CodeInternational Securities Identification Number (ISIN)BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001.Ordinary (Equity) Shares/500520INE101A01026National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051.Ordinary (Equity) Shares/M&MBourse de Luxembourg Society de la Bourse de Luxembourg, Societe Anonyme/R.C.B. 6222,  B.P. 165, L-2011, Luxembourg.Global Depository Receipts (GDRs)USY541641194London Stock Exchange Plc, 10, Paternoster Square, London - EC4M 7LS.GDRs/MHID–BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  Fort, Mumbai – 400 001.Non-Convertible Debentures/ 949342/Scrip ID: 955MML2063INE101A08070Non-Convertible Debentures/ 954977/Scrip ID: 757MML26INE101A08088