Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (M&M) or (Mahindra) is the agship company of the Mahindra Group, which consists of diverse business interests across the globe and aggregate revenues of around US$ 20.7 billion.At Mahindra, we constantly push the boundaries of possibilities to create products and technology led services, that enable our customers and stakeholders to Rise. By focusing on customer centricity, delivering accessible technology, innovation and enhancing people capabilities, we continue to drive growth in the domestic market while pursuing global expansion.The Automotive and Farm Sectors, along with their subsidiary, associate companies and joint ventures, achieved global sales of 1.1 million vehicles and tractors (755,978 vehicles and 345,415 tractors), a growth of 6.8% over the previous year. This is the second consecutive year of combined sales of vehicles and tractors crossing the million mark. Management Discussion and AnalysisINDUSTRY STRUCTURE,OVERVIEW AND TRENDSAutomotive IndustryIn the Calendar Year (CY) 2018, worldwide sales of Passenger Cars and Light Commercial Vehicles (LCVs) remained at at 86 million, with a marginal de-growth of 0.5%. This is the rst de-growth since 2009. Passenger car and pick up sales were down 0.6% to 81.8 million. Small declines in Europe, United States, and a 2.8% decline in China had a signicant impact on global car sales. Global LCV sales were up 2.5% to 4.2 million.China, despite showing its rst sales slowdown in morethan a decade, remains the single largest market with 28.1 million sales. It still accounts for almost one of every three car sales in the world. North American car sales declined 0.2% to 20.9 million. Car sales in the Europe, Middle East, Africa (EMEA) region were down 1.1% to 22.7 million. Sales in Germany, the largest market in EMEA, were stable at 3.7 million. Automotive sales in Russia are picking up, after a prolonged slowdown and posted a consecutive second year of double-digit growth. Sales in the Asia Pacic region (excluding China, Japan and South Korea) were up 3.3%to 10.7 million, boosted by sales in Thailand, India and Indonesia. South America region is recovering from a slowdown with sales of 4.3 million cars, a 7% growth.Key markets of Brazil and Chile grew by 14% and 12% respectively.The fastest growing segment worldwide was that of Electric Vehicles (EVs), which grew by more than 70% albeit over a low base, to over 1.2 million sales.The momentum for EV growth is being driven by the global recognition of the need for clean mobility and many governments providing incentives to promote adoption.(Source: JATO Dynamics gures, based on their data of 54 top markets)The Indian automotive industry comprises of several Indian-origin and multinational players with varying degrees of presence in different product segments. Over the years, multinational players have established deep rooted presence in India, from engineering centres to local sourcing and a wide spread channel. To remain competitive in a very value conscious market, Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEMs) are focusing on launching new products with attractive features and competitive price points. Going forward, Passenger Vehicles (PVs) OEMs are increasingly exploring strategic alliances to leverage synergy benets.Taking a review of the last 10 years growth performance, there appears to be some softening of domestic demand for PVs. Growth in PVs has slowed down from a CAGR of 10.1% in period F09 - F14, to 6.1% CAGR in the period F14 - F19. In addition to macro-economic factors which drive demand for automobiles, this softening of demand for PVs is also because of urban congestion and growth of shared mobility. However, the growth in Commercial Vehicles (CVs) has held on to 9.7% CAGR in period F14-F19 as against 10.4% in the In the Financial Year 2018-19,your Company sold 607,548 vehicles (a growth of 10.8% in comparison to the previous year) and 330,436* tractors (a growth of 3.4% over the previous year).129*This includes 3,403 tractors sold under the Trakstar brand, which is the third brand of your Company under the subsidiary Gromax Agri Equipment Ltd.