157 Directors and Category Total Number of Directorships, Committee Chairmanships and Memberships of public limited companies*, as on 31st March, 2019Directorships in other Listed entities alongwith the Category of DirectorshipDirectorships $Committee Chairmanships+Committee Memberships+Mr. R. K. Kulkarni Independent (DIN – 00059367)726Elantas Beck India Limited (Independent Director)Chowgule Steamships Limited (Independent Director)Tech Mahindra Limited (Independent Director)Entertainment Network (India) Limited (Independent Director)Mr. Anupam Puri Independent (DIN – 00209113)3–1Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (Independent Director)Tech Mahindra Limited (Independent Director)Dr. Vishakha N. Desai Independent (DIN – 05292671)1–1–Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta Independent (DIN – 00041197)7-3Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited (Independent Director)Apollo Tyres Limited (Independent Director)Jubilant Foodworks Limited (Independent Director)Larsen and Toubro Limited (Independent Director)HT Media Limited (Independent Director)Mr. T. N. Manoharan Independent (DIN – 01186248)321Tech Mahindra Limited (Independent Director)Canara Bank (Non-Executive Nominee Chairperson)Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma ** Nominee of LIC –  Non-Independent (DIN – 02449088)4--ACC Limited (Non-Executive Non-Independent Director)Tata Steel Limited (Non-Executive Non-Independent Director)ICICI Bank Limited^^ (Non-Executive Non-Independent Director)EXECUTIVEMr. Anand G. Mahindra Executive Chairman Promoter (DIN – 00004695)5–1Tech Mahindra Limited (Non-Executive Chairman)Dr. Pawan Goenka Managing Director (DIN – 00254502)7–1Swaraj Engines Limited (Non-Executive Director)*  Excludes private limited companies, foreign companies and companies registered under section 8 of the Act and includes  Nationalised Bank.$ Includes Additional Directorship and Directorship in your Company.+  Committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, including that of your Company. Committee Membership(s) excludes Chairmanship(s).^ Debt listed company.** Appointed as Director w.e.f. 14th November, 2018.^^ Ceased as Director w.e.f. 1st April, 2019.B.  Board ProcedureA detailed Agenda, setting out the business to be transacted at the Meeting(s), supported by detailed Notes and Presentations, if any, is sent to each Director at least seven days before the date of the Board Meeting(s) and of the Committee Meeting(s). To provide a web-based solution, a soft copy of the said Agenda(s) is also uploaded on the Board Portal which acts as a document repository. Video conferencing facilities are provided to enable Directors who are unable to attend the meetings in person, to participate in the meeting via video conferencing.To enable the Board to discharge its responsibilities effectively and take informed decisions, the Executive Chairman apprises the Board at every Meeting of the overall performance of your Company, followed by Presentation(s) by the Managing Director and the Sector President(s). A detailed functional Report is also presented at the Board Meeting(s).