55 OFD sold 40% stake in its subsidiary ODA to Advantage GroupDuring the year, Origin Fruit Direct B.V. (“OFD”) based out of Netherlands, an indirectly owned subsidiary of your Company sold 40% stake in its subsidiary named Origin Direct Asia Ltd., Hong Kong (“ODA”) to Advantage Group Holdings Ltd. (“Advantage”). Advantage is an affiliate to Zest Fruit Pty Ltd. (“Zest”) based out of South Africa which is a large grower/distributor of fruits. Prior to the transaction, Zest was a supplier of fruits to OFD and intended to expand its operations in China through an investment in ODA. As part of the overall transaction, there is a long-term supply agreement that has been executed between ODA and Zest. By entering into this relationship it is envisaged that ODA’s market position would strengthen due to its “direct linkage” to Zest,  a major grower resulting in security of stable fruit supply for ODA.Mahindra Agri enters into Crop Care JV with Sumitomo CorporationIn October, 2018, Mahindra Agri Solutions Limited (“MASL”), a subsidiary of your Company entered into a definitive agreement with Sumitomo Corporation, Japan (“SC”) to form a joint venture company named Mahindra Summit Agriscience Limited (“MSAL”) to be held 60% by MASL and 40% by SC. As a first step MASL spun-off its existing Crop Care business into MSAL, pursuant to which in April, 2019, SC along with its affiliates purchased a 40% stake in MSAL from MASL. The combined strength of both the shareholders will leapfrog MSAL into the next orbit of growth. The partnership envisages a pipeline of specialty, new generation products with unique and latest molecules to effectively manage pest and insect related challenges faced by farmers. With this, MASL became the first Indian company to have a JV partner that has deep relationships with large Japanese R&D houses. Automobili Pininfarina, the World’s Newest Sustainable Luxury Car BrandDuring the year, your Company incorporated a new step down subsidiary named Automobili Pininfarina GmbH (“AP”) based out of Munich, Germany. Currently, AP is 100% owned by a newly incorporated Mauritian holding company named Mahindra Automotive Mauritius Ltd. AP will design, engineer and manufacture high technology, extreme performance and luxury electric vehicles. The intention is to launch an electric hypercar in 2020 offering extreme performance. In May 2016, your Company’s Joint Venture entity (held 40% by the Company and 60% by Tech Mahindra) had acquired a majority stake in Pininfarina SpA. AP will leverage Pininfarina’s legendary automotive design expertise.Capital Raising by Ssangyong Motor Company, a South Korean listed subsidiary of your Company through a Third Party Allotment ProcessDuring the year under review, Ssangyong Motor Company (“SYMC”), a South Korean listed subsidiary of your Company, received approval of its Shareholders in October, 2018 for raising KRW 50 billion through equity issuance at a minimum price of KRW 4,200 per share, to meet future capex requirement for new product development and to strengthen its Balance Sheet.Pursuant to this, and as approved by SYMC’s Board of Directors, in January, 2019, SYMC issued 1,18,90,606 shares at a price of KRW 4,205 per share, by way of Third Party Allotment process, in accordance with Korean Regulations. Your Company was the sole subscriber to this issuance and invested KRW 50 billion (approximately Rs. 316.5 crores). Consequently, your Company’s equity stake in SYMC increased from 72.46% to 74.65%.Consolidation of Smartshift and PorterOrizonte Business Solutions Limited (“Smartshift”) was a step down subsidiary of your Company which owned and operated a technology enabled load exchange marketplace platform for matching the needs of cargo owners with transporters. Resfeber Labs Private Limited (“Porter”) is in a similar business. As mentioned in the last Annual Report of your Company, in order to leverage synergies and obtain greater economies of scale for both businesses, your Company agreed to a Scheme to merge Smartshift and Porter and make additional investments into both these entities.The National Company Law Tribunal approved the Scheme and the Scheme has been made effective from 25th April, 2019. Pursuant to the merger being effective, Smartshift ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company. Post-merger, the shareholding of your Company and its subsidiaries in Porter (the combined entity) taken on a fully diluted basis is 30.8% for the Company, 2.5% for Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited and 6.9% for Mahindra Trucks and Buses Limited.