173 for inquiry in case of leak / suspected leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information’ (’UPSI’). The policy is formulated to maintain ethical standards in dealing with sensitive information of the Company by persons who have access to UPSI. The rationale of the policy is to strengthen the internal control systems to ensure that the UPSI is not communicated to any person except in accordance with the Insider Trading Regulations. The Policy also provides an investigation procedure in case of leak/suspected leak of UPSI.G. Whistleblower PolicyThe Vigil Mechanism as envisaged in the Act and the Rules prescribed thereunder and the Listing Regulations is implemented through the Whistleblower Policy. This Policy provides for adequate safeguards against victimisation of persons who use such mechanism and make provision for direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee.As such the Whistleblower Policy provides for protected disclosure and protection to the Whistleblower. Under the Vigil Mechanism, all Stakeholders have been provided access to the Audit Committee through the Chairperson. No personnel has been denied access to the Audit Committee. All Employees, Directors, Vendors, Suppliers or other Stakeholders associated with the Company can make the Protected Disclosure through an e-mail to whistleblower.mahindra@ethicshelpline.in or any other mechanism as prescribed in the Whistleblower Policy.The Chairperson of the Audit Committee can be reached by sending an e-mail to chairpersonofauditcommittee@mahindra.com or by sending a letter to the below  address:Chairperson of the Audit Committee Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Mahindra Towers, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli, Mumbai – 400 018.The Whistleblower Policy was amended in line with the amendments brought in through SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) (Amendments) Regulations, 2018, enabling employees to report insider trading violations as well as reporting of instances of leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information.The Whistleblower Policy of the Company is available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zip.VII.MEANS OF COMMUNICATIONThe Company recognizes the importance of two way communication with shareholders and of giving  a balanced reporting of results and progress. Full and timely disclosure of information regarding the Company’s financial position and performance is an important part of your Company’s corporate governance ethos. Your Company follows a robust process of communicating with its stakeholders, security holders and investors through multiple channels of communications such as dissemination of information on the website of the Stock Exchanges, Press Releases, the Annual Reports and uploading relevant information on its website.The unaudited quarterly results are announced within forty- five days of the close of each quarter, other than the last quarter. The audited annual results are announced within sixty days from the end of the financial year as required under the Listing Regulations. The aforesaid financial results are announced to the Stock Exchanges within the statutory time period from the conclusion of the Board Meeting(s) at which these are considered and approved.Your Company discloses to the Stock Exchanges, all information required to be disclosed under Regulation 30 read with Part ‘A’ and Part ‘B’ of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations including material information having a bearing on the performance/ operations of the Company and other price sensitive information. All information is filed electronically on the online portal of BSE Limited – Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre (BSE Listing Centre) and on the online portal of National Stock Exchange of India Limited – NSE’s Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS).Presentations are also made to international and domestic institutional investors and analysts. These presentations and other disclosures which are required to be disseminated on the Company’s website under the Listing Regulations have been uploaded on the website of the Company, viz.: http://www.mahindra.com  and as per the Archival Policy of the Company would be hosted on the website for a minimum period of five years from the date of respective disclosures. The Annual Report of the Company, the quarterly/half-yearly and the audited financial statements and the official news releases of the Company are also disseminated on the Company’s website. The quarterly, half-yearly and yearly results are also published in Business Standard and Sakal which are national and local dailies respectively. These are not sent individually to the Shareholders.