54COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSRs. 3,416 crores in the previous year, an increase of 13%. The consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interests for the year is Rs. 86 crores as compared to Rs. 64 crores in the previous year, an increase of 34%.Ssyangyong Motor Company, the Korean subsidiary of the Company has reported revenues of Rs. 24,184 crores in the current fiscal year as compared to Rs. 20,410 crores in the previous year. The loss for the year is Rs. 345 crores as compared to loss of Rs. 498 crores in the previous year.The consolidated group profit before exceptional item and tax for the year is Rs. 7,280 crores as against Rs. 6,590 crores in the previous year – a growth of 10.47%. The consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interest and exceptional items for the year is Rs. 5,315 crores as against Rs. 7,510 crores in the previous year.During the year under review, Mahindra Susten Bangladesh Private Limited, Mahindra Knowledge Park Mohali Limited, Blitz 18-371 GmbH, Ssangyong Australia Pty Limited, Mahindra Summit Agriscience Limited, Mahindra Automotive Mauritius Limited, Mahindra Top Greenhouses Private Limited, Passeport Sante SL, PT Mahindra Accelo Steel Indonesia, Harkey Acquisition, L.L.C., USA, MSPE Urja S.R.L. and Mahindra Armored Vehicles Jordan, LLC. became subsidiaries of your Company.Subsequent to the year end, Mahindra Finance CSR Foundation (Section 8 company) became subsidiary of your Company. During the year under review, Merakisan Private Limited, Gipp Aero Investments Pty Ltd, Aerostaff Australia Pty. Ltd, Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel Private Limited and Kiinteistö Oy Himoksen Tähti 2, Finland ceased to be subsidiaries of your Company.Subsequent to the year end, Orizonte Business Solutions Limited ceased to be a subsidiary of your Company.During the year under review, Mahindra Retail Private Limited was converted into a Public Limited Company and accordingly changed its name to Mahindra Retail Limited. Further, Blitz 18-371 GmbH changed its name to Automobili Pininfarina GmbH, Industrial Cluster Private Limited changed its name to Mahindra Industrial Park Private Limited, Mahindra Racing SpA changed its name to PMTC Engineering SpA, Mahindra Bebanco Developers Limited changed its name to Mahindra Bloomdale Developers Limited, Harkey Acquisition, L.L.C., USA changed its name to Automobili Pininfarina Americas Inc. and EPC Industrié Limited changed its name to Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited. Subsequent to the year end, Machinepulse Tech Private Limited changed its name to Mahindra Teqo Private Limited and Passeport Sante SL changed its name to Holiday Club Canarias Vacation Club SLU.During the year under review, Mahindra Ideal Lanka (Private) Limited and Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel Private Limited became Associates of your Company.A Report on the performance and financial position of each of the subsidiaries, associates and joint venture companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statement and their contribution to the overall performance of the Company, is provided in Form  AOC-1 and forms part of this Annual Report.The Policy for determining material subsidiaries as approved by the Board is uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at the Web-link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zipC.JOINT VENTURES, ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER MATTERSRessonYour Company acquired a 10% equity stake on a fully diluted basis in Resson Aerospace Corporation, a start-up based in Canada and focussed on precision agriculture solutions, by subscribing to 800,402 Series C Preferred Shares. Resson uses imagery analytics to develop artificial intelligence based solutions to assist farmers in predicting anomalies in crops and to take preventive action. This investment is a step in your Company’s aim to bring pioneering technology to Indian farming. SampoDuring the year, your Company increased its shareholding in Sampo Rosenlew, OY, from 35% to 49%, by investing approximately Euro 4.66 million. Sampo Rosenlew, based in Finland, makes combine harvesters with markets in Europe, Africa and CIS. Joint Venture between EPC Industrié Limited and Top Greenhouses LtdDuring the year, Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited (formerly known as EPC Industrié Limited), a subsidiary of the Company, formed a Joint Venture with Top Greenhouses Ltd, an Israeli company, wherein Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited holds a 60% equity stake. Top Greenhouses is a leading player in Israel for protected cultivation, and the Joint Venture is expected to bring world-class greenhouse technology to Indian farmers. 