191 MarazzoThe Marazzo’s new 4-cylinder engine produces 90.2kW (121 BHP) power and 300 Nm torque for the vehicle. The Patented ‘Body-on-Frame-Front-Wheel-Drive’ architecture offers the twin benefits of agile, ‘car-like’ handling and durability and toughness of a body-on-frame configuration. For enhanced comfort the ‘twist beam’ rear suspension offers the highest suspension travel of 245mm. The comfort is provided by Surround Cool Technology. Enhanced driving experience is achieved through low-NVH engine, disc brakes on all 4 wheels. For safety the dual front Airbags are provided along with Emergency Call, ABS and ISOFIX child seat mounts as standard across all variants. For structural rigidity the High-strength steel structure supported by a fully-boxed frame, collapsible steering column, crumple zones, side-impact beams Impact-sensitive door locks, Anti-lock Braking System (ABS), Rear Parking Camera and Sensors are provided which ensure the strength and safety of the vehicle.2.  Light Commercial Vehicles TREO ElectricThe TREO Electric is a Zero Pollution vehicle with Lithium ion Battery Technology which provides lower maintenance and longer life for the customers. For safety of the passengers strong crash guard with dent and rust-free body is provided. Also comfortable, noiseless and vibration free drive is provided with Ergonomically designed spacious interiors. The Digital instrument cluster enhances the convenience of customers. Also, the additional features of remote monitoring of mileage, location, and battery status through Next-Generation Mobility (NEMO) tech is provided on the vehicle.3.  TractorsMahindra NOVO:Arjun Novo is available in 50 - 95 hp Engine power range globally both in Open Station and Cabin with Heating Ventilation & Air Conditioning (HVAC) version. It is a technologically advanced range of tractors which can handle more than 40 farming applications in different soil conditions with longest service interval of 400 hours. Arjun Novo delivers uniform and consistent power in all applications and soil conditions. It has higher lift capacity hydraulic system, which makes it suitable for numerous farming and haulage operations.Its ergonomically designed, low maintenance and best in class fuel efficiency. In India, we have launched 65-75 hp Arjun Novo tractor with efficient hydraulics having higher lift capacity (2600 kg) in 2/4WD versions and 3 speed Power take Off (PTO). These units are equipped with widely appreciated Digi Sense which helps Owners to track its live location, enable geo-fencing, and get SMS alerts for vehicle’s parameters.Mahindra YUVO To meet the growing demand for 4WD model in under 50hp range category, Mahindra Yuvo 4WD model was launched for Puddling application with improved drive-ability and also with digisense technology feature to enable the farmers to connect with tractor. Live SMS alert of the tractor like Engine temperature, engine oil pressure, air clog, battery charging, Fuel level and web-based features showing the live tracking, geo-fencing and location history of the vehicle.With the growing demand for advanced technology in farm machinery, Mahindra YUVO was launched with first ever Intelligent technology– a pathbreaking and industry-first initiative.This intelligent tractor is capable of delivering features like Auto steer -straight line, auto headland turn, skip passing& auto implement lift at headland turn with the driver on seat. Auto steering technology had been introduced to provide precise operation while using it for potato farming application.