67 Emergency Response. In addition, long haul truck drivers went through the Anticipatory Driving and Action Prevention Training (ADAPT™) program. –  The unique ESOPs (Employee Social Options) platform provided 26,126 employees a menu of volunteering opportunities enabling them to contribute 1,88,833 - person hours towards giving back to society. During the last financial year, your Company received a “4 Good” rating from Economic Times, for overall excellence in CSR, as part of the ‘ET2Good4Good’ CSR Rating. Further, your Company was awarded the CII National Award for Excellence in Water Management and FICCI CSR Awards in Environment Sustainability Category for the Integrated Watershed Management Project in Bhopal.CSR PolicyThe Corporate Social Responsibility Committee had formulated and recommended to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (CSR Policy) which was subsequently adopted by it and is being implemented by the Company. The CSR Policy including a brief overview of the projects or programs undertaken can be accessed at the Company’s website through the Web-link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zipCSR CommitteeThe CSR Committee comprises of Dr. Vishakha N. Desai (Chairperson), Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Mr. R. K. Kulkarni, Dr. Pawan Goenka and Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta. The Committee, inter alia, reviews and monitors the CSR as well as Sustainability activities.During the year under review, your Company spent Rs. 93.50 crores on CSR activities. The amount equal to 2% of the average net profit for the past three financial years required to be spent on CSR activities was Rs. 93.37 crores. The detailed Annual Report on the CSR activities undertaken by your Company in Financial Year 2019, is annexed herewith marked as Annexure VI.SustainabilityDuring the year under review, the 11th Sustainability Report for the year 2017-18 was released. The report was externally assured by DNV-GL and prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards-Core option.Your Company continued the focus on the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) parameters, in the year under review by implementing Mahindra Sustainability Framework ensuring common language for sustainability across the Group. This framework defines sustainability as “Building enduring businesses by rejuvenating the environment and enabling stakeholders to rise”. Under the three pillars People, Planet and Profit of Sustainability Framework; various actions have been identified for implementation across the Group. Many of these actions are already underway as demonstrated by the Igatpuri Plant being certified as ‘Carbon Neutral’. Rudrapur, Nagpur and Jaipur are certified as ‘Zero Waste to Landfill’ plants.Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Executive Chairman of your Company is on the Governing Board of United Nations Global Compact. He was a co-chair at the Global Climate Action Summit held in September, 2018 in San Francisco, California. Your Company has committed to adopt Science Based Target to restrict average global temperature rise to 2 degree Celsius in alignment of Paris Climate Change Agreement. The Sustainability performance for your Company for the Financial Year 2018-19 will be elaborated in detail in the GRI Report which is under preparation and will be ready for release shortly.Your Company was recognized for its leadership position on the ESG dimensions during the year under review, by way of:•  Winning Asia Sustainability Reporting Award 2018 – Best Supply Chain Reporting.•  Winning Asia Sustainability Reporting Award 2018 – Best Carbon Disclosure.•  Indian Chamber of Commerce “India Corporate Governance & Sustainability Vision” Awards.•  Retaining the status of getting listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index – 2018 under the ‘Emerging Market Index’ for fifth year with improvement in percentile scores.Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and OutgoThe information pertaining to conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo as required under section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is attached as Annexure VII and forms part of this Report.