India, with its large base of small and marginal farmers, has several regions with low penetration of farm mechanisation. With increasing labour cost and labour scarcity, greater adoption of various forms of mechanization is the way forward. In this scenario, the market for tractors and other farm equipment is expected to grow in the long term.India being the world's largest tractor market with a growing rural economy, presents a good opportunity for players in farm mechanization space. Hence going forward, the competitive intensity in the farm mechanization space is expected to increase, leading to new product launches and product offerings at high value points. Also, the customer expectations of performance, quality and technology are increasing with time. Staying ahead of competition by offering products with modern technology and features is likely to put pressure on costs.RISKS AND CONCERNSAutomotive and Farm Equipment SectorsCompetitive IntensityAllied businessesThe Company's business is exposed to many internal and external risks and it has consequently put in place robust systems and processes, along with appropriate review mechanisms to actively monitor, manage and mitigate these risks.Keeping in mind the high growth potential of the Indian automotive market, all OEMs, homegrown as well asMNCs, have presence across all vehicle segments.Today, multinational OEMs are now deeply entrenched in the Indian market with local development centres, a strong local supplier base and good channel penetration. In the PV segment the differentiation between cars and UV has largely blurred. There is great demand for compact UVsThe rising demand for power backup solutions and infrastructure development will create opportunities in the power generation and infrastructure equipment space. This is an opportunity for the Company to grow its offerings in power solutions and construction equipment.with car like features. As of now, 43.4% of UV sales are from UVs less than 4m length, while UVs as a share of PVs stand at 27.9% (was 14.5% in 2009). The competitive intensity in the segment will only increase with new launches and more OEMs participating in the UV segment.  OEMs, mainly in the PV space, are entering strategic alliances to leverage synergy benets. These alliances are aimed at improving the product portfolio and cost efciencies. Thus, giving the OEMs access to broader customer base and increased headroom for pricing.The LCV < 3.5T commercial vehicle segment is 56.3% of the CV Goods industry, where your Company is the market leader. However, there is increased competition with new and competitive launches from homegrown as well as MNC brands. The medium and heavy commercial vehicle segment has two dominant domestic players who have 84.6% market share. Rest of the brands have seen limited success, owing to strong on ground presence of current market leaders and deep-rooted brand bonding. With aim to remain competitive in the market and sustain leadership, your Company continues to invest in new product development, technology upgrades, increasing channel reach, and the focus on delivering customer centric products, services and build brand. The recently launched Alturas G4 and XUV300 are based on Ssangyong platforms. Also, your Company is exploring opportunities for strategic cooperation with Ford Motor Company, to drive protable growth in India and other emerging markets. India is the world's largest tractor market by volume and the Tractor industry has presence of strong home grown as well as MNC OEMs. There is intense competition in the market with each OEM trying to offer its unique value proposition to the customer. Your Company intends to remain ahead of the competition by offering continuous product upgrades, introducing superior technology and by offering a complete range of farming solutions to boost farm productivity. Your Company has successfullyleveraged synergies withSsangyong Motor Co., Korea bysharing of product platforms.139