192COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSMahindra JIVOMahindra JIVO brings unmatched power with its fuel efficient, robust, 2 cylinder, Direct Injection (DI) engine to carry out all intended operations with ease. Higher Power take Off (PTO) Horse Power (HP), optimized power loss & unique architecture with high end technology offers multi-application suitability with excellent performance.Mahindra JIVO also means greater profits because of its low maintenance, best in class mileage, and easy spare part availability with low cost.Launched in the range of 24 HP with lift capacity of 450 kg at standard frame, with 8 forward and 2 reverse speed transmission and 2 speed Power take Off (PTO). The new Mahindra Jivo is available in 20HP 2WD & 24HP 4 WD segment called as Jivo  225 DI & Jivo 245 DI. Mahindra JIVO provides a high level of power, performance and profit like never before.963 4WD Models: 4WD was introduced on the new 60 HP platform. This model comes with a new 60 hp fuel efficient engine with 12 forward & 2 reverse speed synchromesh transmission and hydraulics with high precision control & high lift capacity of 2200 kg. This model has superior ergonomics and contemporary styling. 4WD enables better traction and thus the tractor can be used with bigger implements and in demanding applications.855 IPTO: Independent Power take Off (PTO) was introduced on 855 model. This feature would benefit customers who are using this tractor for harvester applications. Additional benefits to the customer are reduced operator fatigue and increased clutch life.724 Orchard Narrow Track with Power steering and 540 speed Power take Off (PTO): 724 is a popular model in the current range of narrow track tractors. Power steering reduces operator fatigue and 540 speed Power take off (PTO) makes it suitable to wider variety of implements.735 LLT: 25 Kg of Cast iron material and 10 litres of Transmission oil has been saved on 735 model. All the saving has been achieved along with the improved life and reliability over current design.2.  For each such product, provide the following details in respect of resource use (energy, water, raw material etc.) per unit of product (optional): i.  Reduction during sourcing/production/distribution achieved since the previous year throughout the value chain?   For the above mentioned products, there is no explicit tracking mechanism in respect of resource use. However, the resource use for entire portfolio is tracked and monitored. Since the products portfolio is distributed across various manufacturing locations of the Company, the resource use is monitored per unit of equivalent vehicle or equivalent tractor manufactured. The performance for current and previous year on Specific Energy Consumption, Specific GHG Emissions and Specific Water Consumption during production is appended below, which will be reported in the Sustainability Report for 2018-19.Resource UseDivisionsUnit of MeasurementCurrent Year 2018-19Previous Year  2017-18 Specific Energy Consumption Automotive Division GJ/Equivalent Vehicles1.2881.230Farm + Swaraj Division GJ/Equivalent Tractors1.2121.260Specific Green House Gas Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) Automotive Division tCO2/Equivalent Vehicles0.1910.185Farm + Swaraj DivisiontCO2/Equivalent Tractors0.1770.190Specific Water Consumption Automotive Division KL/Equivalent Vehicles1.1651.113Farm + Swaraj Division KL/Equivalent Tractors0.9240.965 ii.  Reduction during usage by consumers (energy, water) has been achieved since the previous year?   Due to constant innovations and focus on fuel efficiency, there would be a reduction of energy use by consumers. However, tracking of such reduction is not possible as it is highly dependent on individual customers driving habits. 3.  Does the company have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing (including transportation)? If yes, what percentage of your inputs was sourced sustainably? Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.  The Company has been working to enhance the degree of sustainability associated with its sourcing practices under the umbrella of “ONE SOURCING”. This includes strategy of one supplier per platform and common supplier basket for multiple businesses, setting up of vendor parks at its new plants, sourcing from tightly knit clusters, optimizing logistics to reduce fuel consumption, emissions and carbon footprint, re-working packaging to minimize waste and maximize re-use. The Sustainability road map of the Company covers these areas and the Company takes steps to ensure that its sourcing methods are 