162COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSF. Codes of Conduct The Board of your Company has laid down two separate Codes of Conduct (“Codes”), one for all the Board Members and the other for Employees of the Company. These Codes have been posted on the website of your Company at the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zip. All the Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with these Codes. A declaration signed by the Executive Chairman to this effect is enclosed at the end of this Report.The Code of Conduct for the Board Members of the Company also includes Code for Independent Directors which is a guide to professional conduct for Independent Directors, pursuant to section 149(8) and Schedule IV of the Act.G. CEO/CFO CertiﬁcationThe Executive Chairman, Managing Director and Group CFO & Group CIO of the Company jointly give annual certification on financial reporting and internal controls to the Board in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations. The Executive Chairman, Managing Director and Group CFO & Group CIO also jointly give quarterly certification on financial results while placing the financial results before the Board in terms of Regulation 33(2) of the Listing Regulations.H. Board EvaluationPursuant to the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations, the Board has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance and that of its Committees as well as performance of all the Directors individually. Feedback was sought by way of a structured questionnaire covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its Committees, Board Culture, Execution and Performance of Specific Duties,  Obligations and Governance and the evaluation was carried out based on responses received from  the Directors.The performance evaluation of Committees was based on criteria such as structure and composition of Committees, attendance and participation of member of the Committees, fulfilment of the functions assigned to Committees by the Board and applicable regulatory framework, frequency and adequacy of time allocated at the Committee Meetings to fulfil duties assigned to it, adequacy and timeliness of the Agenda and Minutes circulated, comprehensiveness of the discussions and constructive functioning of the Committees, effectiveness of the Committee’s recommendation for the decisions of the Board, etc.A separate exercise was carried out by the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board to evaluate the performance of Individual Directors. The performance evaluation of the Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole was carried out by the Independent Directors. The performance evaluation of the Executive Chairman of the Company was also carried out by the Independent Directors, taking into account the views of the Managing Director and Non-Executive Directors. The Independent Directors and Executive Chairman also carried out performance evaluation of the Managing Director of the Company. The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process. During the year under review, the Committee ascertained and reconfirmed that the deployment of “questionnaire” as a methodology, is effective for evaluation of performance of Board and Committees and Individual Directors. I.  Familiarisation Programme for Independent DirectorsPursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, the Company imparted various familiarisation programmes for its Directors including review of Investments of the Company by Strategic Investment Committee, Industry Outlook at the Board Meetings, Regulatory updates at Board and Audit Committee Meetings covering changes with respect to the Companies Act, SEBI Listing Regulations, Taxation and other matters, Presentations on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, Operational Control over Financial Reporting, Prevention of Insider Trading Regulations, SEBI Listing Regulations, Framework for Related Party Transactions, Plant Visit, Meeting with Senior Executive(s) of your Company, etc. Pursuant to Regulation 46 the details required are available on the website of your Company at the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zip.J.  Board Conﬁrmation regarding Independence of the Independent DirectorsAll the Independent Directors of the Company have given their respective declaration/disclosures under section 149(7) of the Act and Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations and have confirmed that they fulfil the independence criteria as specified under section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16 of the Listing 