MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED6the Meeting in person, the above mentioned documents shall be submitted before the commencement of AGM.  B.  In case a Member receives physical copy of the Notice of AGM [for Members whose e-mail IDs are not registered with the Company/ Depository Participant(s)]:   (i)  EVEN, User ID and Initial Password is provided in the Attendance Slip.   (ii)  Please follow all steps from Sl. No. (i) to (xii) above to cast your vote by electronic means. III. OTHER INSTRUCTIONS:  a.  In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting by electronic means, Members may refer to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting user manual available at the download Section of https://evoting.karvy.com (Karvy Website) or contact at investors@mahindra.com, or Mr. Prem Kumar M., Manager, Karvy at Karvy Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500 032 or at the email ID evoting@karvy.com or on phone No.: 040-6716 1500 or call Karvy’s toll free No.: 1800-3454-001 for any further clarifications.  b.  You can also update your mobile number and e-mail ID in the user profile details of the folio which may be used for sending future communication(s).  c.  The remote e-voting period commences on Friday, 2nd August, 2019 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Tuesday, 6th August, 2019 (5:00 p.m. IST). During this period, Members of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialised form, as on the cut-off date Wednesday, 31st July, 2019 may cast their votes electronically. A person who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice for information purposes only. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution(s) is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.  d.  The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on Wednesday, 31st July, 2019, being the cut-off date. Members are eligible to cast vote only if they are holding shares as on that date.  e.  In case a person has become a Member of the Company after dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-off date for E-Voting, i.e. Wednesday, 31st July, 2019, he/she/it may obtain the User ID and Password in the manner as mentioned below:   i.  If the mobile number of the Member is registered against Folio No./DP ID Client ID, the Member may send SMS: MYEPWD <space> Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to +91 9212993399. In case of physical holding, prefix Folio No. with EVEN.    Example for NSDL:    MYEPWD <SPACE> IN12345612345678    Example for CDSL:    MYEPWD <SPACE> 1402345612345678    Example for Physical:    MYEPWD <SPACE> XXXX1234567890    (XXXX being EVEN)   ii.  If e-mail address or mobile number of the Member is registered against Folio No./DP ID Client ID, then on the home page of https://evoting.karvy.com, the member may click “Forgot Password” and enter Folio No. or DP ID Client ID and PAN to generate a password.   iii.  Member may call Karvy’s toll free number 1800-3454-001.   iv.  Member may send an e-mail request to evoting@karvy.com.    Karvy shall endeavor to send User ID and Password to those new Members whose e-mail IDs are available.R.  Voting at AGM: The Members who have not cast their vote(s) through remote e-voting can exercise their voting rights at the AGM. The Company will make necessary arrangements in this regard at the AGM Venue. The facility for voting through electronic voting system (Insta Poll) shall be made available at the Meeting. Members who have already cast their votes by remote e-voting are eligible to attend the Meeting; however, these Members are not entitled to cast their vote again in the Meeting.   A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e. through Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM.S.  PROCEDURE AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR WEB CHECK-IN/ ATTENDANCE REGISTRATION:  Members are requested to tender their attendance slips at the registration counters at the venue of the AGM and seek registration before entering the 