291290 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.) (q) Provisions   Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When provision is measured using the cash flow estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of these cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).   Provisions for the expected cost of warranty obligations are recognised at the time of sale of the relevant products, at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.   Contingent liabilities acquired in a business combination are initially measured at fair value at the acquisition date. At the end of the subsequent reporting periods, such contingent liabilities are measured at the higher of the amount that would be recognised in accordance with Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities and the amount initially recognised less cumulative amortisation recognised in accordance with Ind AS 18 - Revenue. (r) Leasing   Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.   Certain arrangements convey a right to use an asset in return for a payment or series of payments. At inception of the arrangement, the Group determines whether such an arrangement is or contains a lease and separates the consideration into those for the lease and those for other elements. The lease component is accounted as per Group’s accounting policy on leasing transactions.  The Group as lessor   Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at the amount of the Group’s net investment in the leases. Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.   Rental income from operating leases is generally recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Where the rentals are structured solely to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the Group’s expected inflationary cost increases, such increases are recognised in the year in which such benefits accrue. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  The Group as lessee   Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised as assets of the Group at their fair value at the inception of the lease or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding liability to the lessor is included in the consolidated balance sheet as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are apportioned between finance expenses and reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance expenses are recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless they are directly attributable to qualifying assets, in which case they are capitalised in accordance with the Group’s general policy on borrowing costs. Contingent rentals are recognised as expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.   Rental expense from operating leases is generally recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Where the rentals are structured solely to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected inflationary cost increases, such increases are recognised in the year in which such benefits accrue to the lessor. (s) Business combinations   The Group accounts for its business combinations under acquisition method of accounting. The acquiree’s identifiable assets including liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the condition for recognition are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recognised as goodwill.   Before recognising capital reserve in respect thereof, the Group determines whether there exists clear evidence of underlying reasons for classifying the business combination as a bargain purchase. Thereafter, the Group reassesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and recognises any additional asset or liabilities that are identified in that reassessment. The Group then reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts that Ind AS requires for the purposes of calculating the bargain purchase. If the gain remains after this reassessment and review, the Group recognises it directly in equity as capital reserve.