Industrial RelationsThe year under review witnessed a very positive Industrial Relations scenario across all manufacturing locations for the Automotive and Farm Equipment Sectors/ all the manufacturing locations. Bonus settlements were amicably agreed upon at all locations. In a span of about 16 months, 9 Wage Settlement with various Unions were amicably concluded with an overall productivity rise ranging from 10% to 15%.Mahindra Skill ExcellenceThe Mahindra Skill Excellence Initiative has been further strengthened and sustained to enhance the skill on shop- oor and has received good participation across manufacturing facilities. This initiative has helped the Company to motivate the employees across Plants and give up-skilling a serious and methodical approach. The Company's associate will be representing India at the World Skill Competition in Russia in August, 2019. The associates also represented the 'Beijing Arc Cup Competition', Euroskills Russia and BRICS Johannesburg in various Skills. In the 'Beijing Arc Cup Competition' the Company's  female associate was adjudged as "Outstanding Female Welder". In an endeavor to generate ideas towards improving quality, reducing costs, ensuring safety and improving productivity, the shop oor associates generated on an average 18 ideas per person.A Healthy Work Environment Signicant emphasis was also laid towards raising awareness on health and wellness of employees through annual medical check-ups, health awareness activities. Diet food has become a way of life over the past three years. The Company maintains an 'Employee Health Index' at an individual level and this has been a useful tool in identifying employees who require focused counselling and monitoring.The cornerstones of the Company's employee relations approach are:• Proactive and employee-centric shop oor practices;• A relentless focus on transparent communication of business goals through monthly Plant Head communication;• An effective concern resolution mechanism;• The rm belief that employees are the most valuable assets of the Company.An 'open door policy' and constant dialogue to create win-win situations have helped the Company to build trust and harmony. All this resulted in zero production loss in the Financial Year 2018-19 and helped create a collaborative, healthy and productive work environment.The Company had a total of 21,020 employees on its rolls as ston 31 March, 2019.148COMPANYOVERVIEWBOARD’SREPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONAND ANALYSISCORPORATEGOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONEACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATEDACCOUNTS