30DIGITAL CAPABILITIESWe have successfully institutionalised analytics in the organisation to enable data driven business decisions, to drive customer experience and to enhance employee value proposition. We are committed to embed predictive analytics and AI solutions across the entire value chain of business from product development to manufacturing and go-to-market. We have also implemented a sales transformation programme to enable the front facing dealer salesmen to prioritise their sales efforts by picking up the high propensity leads, in turn driving better conversions. The sales transformation programme also generated signiﬁcant incremental sales from existing customers with 'workshop as a promoter' channel.Enhancing Customer Experience through Artificial IntelligenceŸDigitised showrooms (Dealership of Future) enabled through AR, VR and powered by AI are enhancing the customer experience. AI driven voice and video solutions are piloted to further drive value in the customer journey at every touch point.ŸCustomers are increasingly engaging and booking online on M&M platforms for convenience, thereby driving the online sales signiﬁcantly.Driving Analytics to Enhance Employee Value PropositionŸHuman Resource department has analytically transformed the key HR processes in employee life cycle to enhance the employee value proposition. We have upskilled more than 400 employees on analytics with a focussed learning programme. We are looking at data analytics to impact Key Performance Indicators in every business, function and customer life cycle.ŸInnovative solutions to drive analytics such as hackathons were deployed to unearth the hidden value in data and to drive a cultural transformation. Such initiatives helped us in reducing the business complexity through variant reduction, supported pricing decisions and uncovered new business models in the form of cash and carry.Making Business Decisions Based on AnalyticsŸKey business decisions around product planning and marketing are enabled through advanced analytics solutions. Data driven pricing algorithms enabled us to take scientiﬁc pricing decisions for the new launches: Marazzo, XUV3OO, and Alturas G4.ŸAnalytics and data maturity have improved signiﬁcantly. High impact business decisions in the Quality function enabled by predictive analytics have helped us save signiﬁcantly on sustainable warranty costs.ŸSigniﬁcant cost saving has also been achieved in the strategic sourcing unit through better spend visibility, and data driven purchasing strategies. The adoption of technology and analytics has created smart factories. We have created our own system using sensors and IoT (Internet of Things) that generates alerts. We believe that it will reduce breakdown time signiﬁcantly with dramatic reduction in repair and maintenance costs.ŸArtiﬁcial Intelligence driven chatbots and advanced computer vision algorithms on MyAgriGuru platform are driving a better farmer engagement and working towards the mission of increasing farm productivity in India. Our sophisticated algorithms enabled our fruit export businesses to better understand the European markets and plan scientiﬁcally leading to higher proﬁtability.COMPANYOVERVIEWDRIVEN BYEXCELLENCEBUILDING FOR THE FUTUREFOCUSSED ONSUSTAINABILITYCORPORATEINFORMATIONSTATUTORYREPORTSFINANCIALSTATEMENTS