be around providing a solution, delivering an experience and having a purpose. Customers are also increasingly assigning value to a company that has a purpose. Your Company realises this, and hence has already started the shift from just offering product, to providing a solution and delivering an experience, with the product becoming an enabler. Rise, is the purpose of your Company. Automotive SectorWith an objective to sustain growth, your Company is pursuing several strategic initiatives in all key areas of business. The key elements of strategy include strengthening the product portfolio, refresh and update existing products and strengthen research & development (R&D) and technology capabilities.Technology focus areas are around gasoline engines, emission, safety, connected vehicles and electric vehicles. In addition, your Company is pursuing expansion in overseas markets. Establishing on ground presence and building the brand in key focus markets remain the priorities for your Company. In September 2017, your Company and Ford Motor Company agreed to explore a strategic alliance - designed to leverage the beneﬁts of Ford's global reach and expertise and Mahindra's scale in India and successful operating model. For the year under review, the two companies strengthened the strategic alliance, by signing two agreements; one in October, 2018 for powertrain sharing and connected car solutions, and the second agreement in April, 2019 for co-developing a mid-size SUV on Mahindra platform.  With the Governments thrust on rapid adoption of EVs, your Company being the Pioneer in EVs in India, continues to focus and invest in development of new products and advanced technologies specic to electric vehicles. Farm Equipment SectorWith an objective of improving the state of farming, especially for small land holding farmers, your Company is focused on democratizing technology. This includestractors, crop specic mechanization solutions, providing agri knowhow and precision farming solutions.Your Company continues to invest in modern tractor technologies and offer tractors with category rst features and create new benchmarks in India. Some notable alliances are with M.I.T.R.A Agro Equipments Private Limited for horticulture sprayers and with Belgium based DeWulf group for potato planting technology. Pilots for some precision farming technologies are underway.End to End Farm Mechanization is an important focus area, and your Company is pursuing inhouse development as well as leveraging alliances in this space.Mahindra USA, a subsidiary of your Company, continues to expand its reach and strengthen the Mahindra brand in the North American market, by connecting with the consumer through various mediums.Mahindra Mexico S.De.R.L, a fully owned subsidiary of Mahindra USA and Mahindra do Brazil Industrial Ltd (MBIL), your Company's tractor CKD facility in Brazil,  continues to strengthen on ground presence, and grow Mahindra brand in Mexico and Brazil. With the objective of being a global farm machinery player, your Company has done strategic acquisitions in this space and has built a farm machinery portfolio for global markets. Globalisation is an important goal for your Company, and towards this, your Company is pursuing both organic and inorganic routes.143