285284 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.) (j) Foreign exchange transactions and translation   The functional currency of the Company and its Indian subsidiaries is Indian Rupees whereas the functional currency of foreign subsidiaries is the currency of their countries of domicile.   Transactions in foreign currencies are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency using exchange rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are measured at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to hedge certain foreign currency risks (refer policy on Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting).   For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into Indian Rupees using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).   On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.   In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation that does not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposal (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.” (k) Financial Instruments   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.    Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.  Classification and subsequent measurement  Financial assets   All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured at either amortised cost or fair value depending on their respective classification.   On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at -   — Amortised cost; or  — Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) - debt investment; or  — Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) - equity investment; or  — Fair Value Through Profit or Loss   The classification of debt instrument as amortised cost or FVTOCI is based on the business model and cash flow characteristics of such instrument.   Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except if the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets.   All financial asset not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets unless designated as effective hedge instruments which are accounted as per hedge accounting requirements discussed below.   Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain and loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.