163 Regulations and have also confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective independent judgement and without any external inﬂuence. Further, the Board after taking these declaration/disclosures on record and acknowledging the veracity of the same, concluded that the Independent Directors are persons of integrity and possess the relevant expertise and experience to qualify as Independent Directors of the Company and are Independent of the Management.K.   Matrix setting out the core skills/ expertise/competence of the Board of Directors A chart/ matrix setting out the core skills/ expertise/ competencies identified by the Board of Directors in the context of the Company’s businesses and sectors as required for it to function effectively and those actually available with the Board are given below:Sr. No.SkillsParticulars1.  Business Experience Established leadership skills in strategic planning, succession planning, driving change and long-term growth and guiding the company towards its vision, mission and values.Critically analysing complex and detailed information and developing innovative solutions and striking a balance between agility and consistency. 2.  Global business/broad international exposure /emerging markets experienceGlobal mindset and staying updated on global market opportunities, experience in driving business success in markets around the world with an understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, sensitivity to cultural diversity and adaptability.  3.  Financial Experience and Risk Oversight The Company uses various financial metrics to measure its performance. Accurate Financial Reporting and Robust Auditing are critical to its success. The Company expects its Directors :-1.  To have an understanding of Finance and Financial Reporting Processes;2.  To understand and oversee various risks facing the Company and ensure that appropriate policies and procedures are in place to effectively manage risk.Sr. No.SkillsParticulars4.  Technology and InnovationAn appreciation of emerging trends in product design and development, research, disruptions in technology and in business models.5.  Governance and Regulatory oversightDevise systems for compliance with a variety of regulatory requirements, reviewing compliance and governance practices for a long term sustainable growth of the Company and protecting stakeholders’ interest. 6.  Sales and Marketing Exposure Ability in developing strategies to increase market share through innovation, build better brand experience for customers, improve prospective customer engagement levels and help establish active customers become loyal brand followers.L.  Resignation of Independent Director(s)  During the year under review, none of the Independent Directors of the Company had resigned before the expiry of their respective tenure(s).II.REMUNERATION TO DIRECTORSA.  Remuneration PolicyYour Company has a well-defined Policy for Remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees. This Policy is available on the website of the Company at the web link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY19/AnnualReport.zip.Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee (”GNRC”) while deciding the basis for determining the compensation, both fixed and variable to the Non-Executive Directors, takes into consideration various factors such as Director’s participation in Board and Committee Meetings during the year, other responsibilities undertaken, such as Membership or Chairmanship of Committees, time spent in carrying out other duties, role and functions as envisaged in Schedule IV of the Act and Listing Regulations and such other factors as the GNRC deems fit.The elements of remuneration package of Executive Directors include salary, benefits, stock options, provident fund, etc. and is decided based on the individual performance, inﬂation, prevailing industry trends and benchmarks. The Non-Executive Directors are paid remuneration in the form of sitting fees and commission.