52COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTSEmerging market economies had a turbulent year as they contended with rising US interest rates, strengthening dollar, trade tensions and volatile crude prices. Countries with weaker fundamentals and homegrown problems such as Argentina and Turkey were the hardest hit. China’s economic growth rate which has been in a secular decline was the most affected by trade uncertainties. To ease the pressure on the economy and prevent a dramatic slowdown, Chinese officials steadily increased stimulus and also sought to control its burgeoning debt levels. On the domestic front, while India remained one of the global outperformers in terms of growth, the momentum showed moderation in the second half. Consumer Price inflation declined sharply since mid-2018 driven by the sustained fall in food inflation, with the full year inflation printing at 3.4% against RBI’s target of 4%. RBI which raised policy rates by 50 bps in the first half of the year in response to the impact of Fed rate hikes, felt confident to give a 25 bps cut towards the end of the year supported by benign inflation and slowing growth. The Indian rupee too came under sustained pressure during the first half due to higher crude oil prices and foreign portfolio outflows touching an all-time high of 74.48 in October, 2018. However, in the later part of the financial year, moderation in international crude oil prices, a dovish US Fed policy stance, buoyed appetite for emerging market assets led to an appreciation bias with Rupee closing the year at 69.20. The financial markets went through a challenging year as non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) suffered liquidity issues, raising concerns of systemic risk and liquidity across the entire financial system. Systemic Liquidity was under pressure throughout the year leading the RBI to inject a total liquidity of Rs. 2.98 lakh crore in the market in 2018-19. Due to credit concerns coupled with tight liquidity, the transmission of RBI rate cuts is yet to be seen.Your Company continued to focus on managing cash efficiently and ensured that it had adequate liquidity and back up lines of credit. During the year, your Company availed short term trade finance, including factoring of receivables. As on 31st March, 2019, Rs. 448.54 crores of short term trade finance, including receivables factored, was outstanding. During the year, your Company repaid Rs. 151.54 crores of long term borrowings from internal accruals. The Company’s Bankers continue to rate your Company as a prime customer and extend facilities/services at prime rates. Your Company follows a prudent financial policy and aims not to exceed an optimum financial gearing at any time. The Company’s total Debt to Equity Ratio was 0.08 as at 31st March, 2019.Your Company has been rated by CRISIL Limited (“CRISIL”), ICRA Limited (“ICRA”), India Ratings and Research Private Limited (“India Ratings”) and CARE Ratings Limited (“CARE”) for its Banking facilities. All have re-affirmed the highest credit rating for your Company’s Short Term facilities. For Long Term facilities and Non-Convertible Debenture (“NCD”) programme, CRISIL, ICRA and India Ratings have re-affirmed their credit ratings of CRISIL AAA/Stable, [ICRA]AAA (stable) and IND AAA/Stable for the respective facilities rated by them. With the above rating affirmations, your Company continues to enjoy the highest level of rating from all major rating agencies at the same time.The AAA ratings indicate highest degree of safety regarding timely servicing of financial obligations and is also a vote of confidence reposed in your Company’s Management by the rating agencies. It is an acknowledgement of the strong credit profile of your Company over the years, resilience in earnings despite cyclical upturns/downturns, robust financial flexibility arising from the significant market value of its holdings and prudent management.Your Company has also been identified as a “Large Corporate” as per the criteria under SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/DDHS/CIR/P/2018/144 dated November 26, 2018.Investor Relations (IR)Your Company continuously strives for excellence in its IR engagement with International and Domestic investors and has set up feedback mechanism to measure IR effectiveness. Structured conference calls and periodic investor/analyst interactions including one-on-one meetings, participation in investor conferences, quarterly earnings calls, Video Conferencing across various key geographies and annual analyst meet with the Chairman, Managing Director and Business Heads were organised during the year. Your Company interacted with around 685 Indian and overseas investors and analysts (excluding quarterly earnings calls and specific event related calls) during the year. Your Company always believes in leading from the front with emerging best practices in IR and building a relationship of mutual understanding with investor/analysts. As a key milestone in this continuing endeavour, your Company created a digital interactive annual review of the Company’s performance on the Corporate website to provide an interactive experience beyond what is 