321320 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS     Inputs considered in the ECL model    In assessing the impairment of loans assets under Expected Credit Loss (ECL) Model, the loan assets have been segmented into three stages. The three stages reflect the general pattern of credit deterioration of a financial instrument. The differences in accounting between stages, relate to the recognition of expected credit losses and the calculation and presentation of interest revenue.   The company categorises loan assets into stages based on the Months Past Due status:    — Stage 1: 0-1 month Past Due    — Stage 2: 2-3 months Past Due    — Stage 3: More than 3 months Past Due   Assumptions considered in the ECL model   The financial services business has made the following assumptions in the ECL Model:    —  “Loss given default” (LGD) is common for all three stages and is based on loss in past portfolio. Actual cashflows are discounted with average rate for arriving loss rate. Effective interest rate (EIR) has been taken as discount rate for all retails loans.    —  “Probability of default” (PD) is applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 on portfolio basis and for Stage 3 PD is 100%. This is calculated as an average of the last 60 months yearly average.   Estimation Technique   The financial services business has applied the following estimation technique in its ECL model:    —  Probability of default for Stage 1 loan assets is calculated as average of 5 years of movement of cases from Stage 1 to Stage 3 in next 12 months. Probability of default of Stage 2 is calculated based on lifetime ageing of 4 years completed portfolio moving to stage 3. In case of housing loan probability of default of Stage 2 is calculated based on outstanding loan portfolio till March 2017 moving to stage 3.     —   Loss given default is calculated based on discounted actual cash flow on past portfolio in default along with reversals.   There is no significant change in estimation techniques or significant assumptions during the reporting period.   Forward Looking Information    In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the financial services business considers historical loss rates on portfolio over a period which covers most external factors like drought, government and policy changes etc and these historical PDs are converted in to forward looking PDs considering the agricultural and GDP growth estimates.   Assessment of significant increase in credit risk    When determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, the financial services business considers both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis based on the business’s historical experience, including forward-looking information. The financial services business considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost and effort. The Company’s accounting policy is not to use the practical expedient that the financial assets with ‘low’ credit risk at the reporting date are deemed not to have had a significant increase in credit risk. As a result the Company monitors all financial assets and loan commitments that are subject to impairment for significant increase in credit risk.   Definition of default    The Company considers a financial asset to be in “default” and therefore Stage 3 (credit impaired) for ECL calculations when the borrower becomes 90 days past due on its contractual payments.    Policy for write off of Loan Assets    The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when there is no realistic prospect of further recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write- off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities under the Company’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.33. Financial Instruments (contd.):  (c) Credit risk related to financial services business (contd.)