223222 COMPANY OVERVIEWBOARD’S REPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONE ACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS   Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. (h) Inventories   Inventories comprise all costs of purchase, conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location  and condition.   Raw materials and bought out components are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value. Cost is determined on the basis of the weighted average method.   Finished goods produced and purchased for sale, manufactured components and work-in-progress are carried at cost or net realisable value whichever is lower. Excise duty is included in the value of finished goods inventory, where applicable.   Stores, spares and tools other than obsolete and slow moving items are carried at cost. Obsolete and slow moving items are valued  at cost or estimated net realisable value, whichever is lower. (i) Foreign exchange transactions and translation   Transactions in foreign currencies i.e. other than the Company’s functional currency of Indian Rupees are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency using exchange rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to hedge certain foreign currency risks (refer policy on Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting). (j)  Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures  The Company accounts for its investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at cost less accumulated impairment, if any. (k) Financial instruments   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.    Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.  Classification and subsequent measurement  Financial assets   All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured at either amortised cost or fair value depending on their respective classification.  On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as – measured at :   — Amortised cost; or  — Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) – debt investment; or  — Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) – equity investment; or  — Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)   Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Company changes its business model for managing financial assets.   All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative  financial assets unless designated as effective hedge instruments which are accounted as per hedge accounting requirements discussed below.   Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment expenses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain and loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest income  over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including  all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial  recognition.2. Significant Accounting Policies: (contd.)