platform for peer learning and networking to derive inspiration from role models internally and externally. Two cohorts of Women Leaders Program have been completed on a blended learning approach and have undergone classroom sessions, coaching and team-based leadership projects under the aegis of Mahindra Leadership University, Academy of Leadership Development and Group Diversity Council. The objective of the program is to develop Women Leaders for the Mahindra Group. Group Management CadreThe Group Management Cadre ("GMC") Program is the Group's prestigious strategic leadership development program for campus recruits sourced from top B-schools of India. This program continues to strengthen Mahindra's position as an 'Employer of Choice' across premier B-School campuses and create a strong talent pool to drive Mahindra's future growth. Through this program, 27 GMCs joined the Group in 2018 across its various Sectors and functions.The Mahindra War RoomThe Mahindra War Room, which is a pioneer in its eld, continues to retain its position as the largest and the most-liked Employer Branding Events in the top B-schools of India. thThe 11 Edition of the event was rolled out between July and November, 2018, whereby Mahindra reached out to the brightest young minds across the top B-Schools of India,and four other International colleges, including YonseiUniversity - South Korea; Fudan University - China; Asian Institute of Management - Manila and Nanyang Business School - Singapore, to provide them with an experiential dimension to learning, thus enabling them to creatively present their solutions for real business issues directly to the respective business heads. The Grand Finale of the event ndhappened on 22 October, 2018 in the presence of Chairman and the Group Executive Board Members who were also the jury for the event. Team 'Alpha Kilo Golf Yankee' from MDI Gurgaon were winners for the event. Team 'Chaupal' from XLRI Jamshedpur and Team 'Roti Kapda Aur Bajaj' stood as Joint Runners Up for the event.Best Companies to Work forThis year Mahindra & Mahindra thLimited was ranked 13 in the annual Business Today's Best Companies to Work for Awards 2018 recognizing top 25 employers, across industriesin the country. This achievement and recognition was mirrored by the rank given out by Great Places to Work last year, wherein the thCompany was adjudged the 10 best place to work in India. The consistent appearance in the Top 25 best places to work for in India for last four years only reafrmed the belief that any recognition and strength of the employer brand in the external audiences is built by consistently working towards providing employees a great day-to-day experience at the workplace.The Rise AwardsRise has been a way of life not just for ofcer cadre but also for workmen on the shop-oor, in each manufacturing plant. Rise Awards were institutionalized for workmen across the Group, through competitions at the Plant, Sector and Group Levels. The awards ceremony was conducted successfully in Financial Year 2019 with enthusiastic participation from various Mahindra Group Companies.  The winners (as mentioned below) were felicitated by Mr. Rajeev Dubey and Mr. Zhooben Bhiwandiwala at the annual Rise Awards held at Mumbai.146COMPANYOVERVIEWBOARD’SREPORTMANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONAND ANALYSISCORPORATEGOVERNANCEBUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTSTANDALONEACCOUNTSCONSOLIDATEDACCOUNTS